In 1996 John Travolta spread his wings as this archangel With an appropriate-sounding name, John Dye plays the angel of this on "Touched By An Angel" In defending British soldiers on trial for this 1770 event, John Adams said, "Facts are stubborn things" This author's techno-thriller "Rainbow Six" focuses on John Clark, also a hero in "Clear & Present Danger" John Archibald Wheeler coined this term in the '60s for a collapsed star so dense, no light can escape it The John Birch Society coined the term comsymp, short for this As they were partial to using hymns, these brothers, Charles & John, were the first rhythm Methodists In "Take Me Home, Country Roads", John Denver sang, "Almost heaven," this state This political satire starred John Travolta as a Southern governor running for president This Irish poet who penned "The Winding Stair" shares his middle name with his brother Jack & father John In the names of weeds, this old word for a plant follows soap- & St. John's The Tebenna, an Etruscan mantle, evolved into this garment perhaps worn most strikingly by John Belushi Meaning "tobacco peddler", it's the title of a 1708 Ebenezer Cooke poem & a 1960 John Barth novel about Cooke Dublin-born playwright John Casey changed his name to this, which sounds more Irish John Hancock held this political position from 1780-85 & from 1787-93 While they were mending their nets, John & this brother were summoned by Jesus to become disciples This famous orator aided the prosecution of John Scopes during Tennessee's sensational "Monkey" trial "Golfer John Daly has... endorsement deals with" Dunkin' Donuts & this Anna Nicole Smith-endorsed diet aid It's no "mystery" why John Jasper haunts me--his fingers have knives on them! John David Joyce set a Guinness record by doing this continuously in a hammock for 240 hours In this novel by John Kennedy Toole, Ignatius J. Reilly lives with his mother in her New Orleans home In 1917 the U.S. purchased the islands of St. Croix, St. John & St. Thomas from this country for $25 million John O'Sullivan, who later became a diplomat, coined this term for the USA's right to cover the continent After the death of his mother, this future poet was taken in by his godfather John Allan in 1811 John Adams' dying words on this date in 1826 were that Thomas Jefferson still lived; John Adams was wrong The site of this city, now the seat of Saint Johns County, Florida, was visited by Ponce de Leon in 1513 Her 1981 Rolling Stone cover shot of a nude John Lennon was taken hours before his murder As Secretary of State, John Quincy Adams told this country to govern Florida better or cede it to the U.S. John 1:29 calls Jesus this animal "of God, which taketh away the sin of the world" Newman played Irish mob boss John Rooney in Depression-era Chicago in this 2002 film An area in Central Park dedicated to the memory of John Lennon is named for this Beatles song John Millington Synge wasn't born on Dublin's Synge St.; this other 3-named playwright was Before founding his own corp., John K. Northrop was chief engineer for this company & designed its Vega airplane For the military, zoologist John Kerr developed the "dazzle paint" type of this, something animals also use John Pennekamp Coral Reef State Park, the USA's first underwater park, is just off the coast of this Florida key Before "The Blues Brothers", Dan Aykroyd & John Belushi starred in this WWII farce South Carolina legislator John "O'Goshen!" John Mahoney, who plays Martin Crane on this sitcom, was born in England; he moved to the U.S. when he was 19 Known for his "Compleat Angler", he also wrote a biography of his friend, writer John Donne John Lithgow played a transsexual former football player in this 1982 movie based on a John Irving novel John Larroquette played Captain Stillman in this wacky 1981 comedy about misfits in the Army John Buchan, filmed by Hitchcock: "The Thirty-Nine ___" Parish priests have their own one of these, John Vianney In January 1926 in London, John L. Baird demonstrated this new invention which used a cathode ray tube This Olivia Newton-John recording spent 10 weeks at No. 1, the longest of any single in the 1980's John Dall & Farley Granger strangle a college friend just for thrills in this, Hitch's first color film One of its 1st presidents, John Witherspoon, was the only clergyman to sign this document "Dejavu" was "Angry Young Man" John Osborne's 1992 sequel to this famous play about looking back John Gray penned the book these 2 planets "Together Forever--Relationship Skills for Lasting Love" John, Taylor, Erskine <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2010-01-11_J_03.wmv">This</a> John Guare play is not about Kevin Bacon Sylvester Stallone played Vietnam vet John Rambo in this 1982 film Republican John McCain and this Wisconsin Democrat co-sponsored a campaign finance reform bill Elton John saw the light of the Top 5 with this song twice, in 1974 & 1992 In 1616 she & her husband John Rolfe traveled to England to help raise funds for the Virginia colonists It's the type of transport in the title of John Wayne's 1939 breakout film On April 5, 1614, in Jamestown, she married John Rolfe "Cabaret" was based partly on this 1951 play by John Van Druten JFK (John Fitzgerald Kennedy) JFK (John Forbes Kerry) Their 1999 CD "Californication" reunited guitarist John Frusciante with the group In 1923, John Deere launched it's Model D, the first of these to bear the Deere name Stephen IX, John XXIV, Clement VIII In April 1865 while attending a play at this man's theater, Lincoln was shot by John Wilkes Booth The 2 parts of St. John's college are connected by a copy of this Venetian bridge Lord Lechery, Madam Wanton & Madam Bubble are all characters in the 1951 opera based on this John Bunyan work John Denver's 2-word description of West Virginia in the 1st line of "Take Me Home, Country Roads" Federal judge John Woolsey lifted the ban on the importation & sale of this James Joyce book Louisa May Alcott & relationship guru John Gray collaborated on this book sequel Beauford Jester, John B. Connally, Jr. The fifth Chief Justice of the United States, he succeeded John Marshall in 1836 This punk group was the brainchild of entrepreneur Malcolm McLaren, who asked John Lydon to be its lead singer John Travolta & Debra Winger demonstrated the fine art of riding a mechanical bull at Gilley's in this 1980 film In paper products: John Kimberly &... (Hi, I'm Kristoff St. John from "The Young and the Restless")  Earlier in my career, I appeared in "Roots: The Next Generation", playing this author as a boy In 1702 military hero John Churchill became this "man" as the first Duke of it This Nixon aide coined the phrase "Twist slowly, slowly in the wind" during a phone call to John Dean Neil Sheehan's "A Bright Shining Lie" centers on John Paul Vann & America's involvement in this event In 2002 John Gotti was buried in a pinstripe suit of this characteristic closing type Senior citizens might object to this proverb popularized by John Lyly in the play "Mother Bombie" Mary Bono won election to Congress over Ralph Waite, John-Boy's dad on this show This mother of John The Baptist was well into old age when John was born Dirty Harry could tell you it's also the caliber of the Derringer used by John Wilkes Booth to shoot Lincoln 1978 film in which John Travolta sang "Sandy" John Steinbeck traveled across America in a 1962 bestseller, "Travels With" this title poodle This Powhatan princess wed John Rolfe in 1614 In 2000 a set of books about these critters "Of America" by John James Audubon sold at auction for $8.8 million Canal St. boasts a statue of Ignatius J. Reilly, the hero of this prize-winning novel by John Kennedy Toole In 1989 Pope John Paul II added these 2 automobile-related acts to the official list of Catholic sins This type of always dissatisfied person is the title of a 1604 play by John Marston In 1859 John Brown raided the arsenal of this town, now West Virginia's easternmost This Massachusetts town was the birthplace of John Adams & John Hancock 2 of the closest presidential races involved this man; in 1796 he lost to John Adams & in 1800 he beat Aaron Burr Aussie John Landy shaved 1.5 seconds off this Brit's mile record in 1954, but lost to him in a race 2 months later John Turturro played this oft-fired manager in the 2007 ESPN miniseries "The Bronx is Burning" Elly, John, Michael, Elizabeth & April Patterson Seen here, John Glover played this storyteller in a new musical based on the Danny Kaye film 4 of the murals lining this building's rotunda are by John Trumbull Introduced by 18th century poet John Byrom, this pair was popularized by Lewis Carroll This Jackson made her film debut in 1993 as a poetry-writing beautician in John Singleton's "Poetic Justice" With this 1957 play, John Osborne proved he was indeed an angry young man Bobby Knight & John McEnroe had cameos in the Adam Sandler film about managing this George Michael, Phil Collins, Elton John Bernard F. Law, Roger Mahony & John J. O'Connor John Paul II visited this U.S. city in August of 1993, & President Clinton visited him there Like this immediate predecessor, John Paul II declined coronation A gift from John D. Rockefeller, Jr. helped establish this park in North Carolina & Tennessee It's a return to former popularity; John Travolta made one in "Pulp Fiction" It's what the "D" stands for in the names of all those John D. Rockefellers In titles, the Beach Boys went "Surfin'" here & John Mellencamp told us about "R.O.C.K." here Complete's John Acton's line "Power tends to..." He plays John on "Dear John" Last name of John D. & Catherine T., whose "Foundation Goes On Wild Endowment Binge" Hi, I'm Steve, I'll dress like Buddy Holly & be John & Uma's waiter in this 1994 film In the 1850s Nobel lived in the U.S. & studied under John Ericsson, the builder of this first Union ironclad warship John Lloyd Wright, Frank's son, invented this classic toy, notched lengths of wood He was the voice of John Smith in "Pocahontas" but his brother Donal got the role in the direct-to-video sequel Methodist John Wesley was adamant about not breaking away from this church John Steinbeck was taken to Trask for this 1952 novel Bob Cousy's 14 & John Havlicek's 17 were honored by this storied franchise St. John & St. John's are cities in these "New" provinces In "Alexander's Feast" John Dryden wrote, "None but the brave deserves" them One of his 1856 slogans was "Buck and Breck"; Breck was John Breckinridge NYC mayor John V. Lindsay quipped that it "enables young ladies to run faster & because of it, they may have to" On March 23, 1965 Gus Grissom & John Young became the 1st pair to orbit in this new space project In 2003 the floor of this UCLA basketball arena was named the Nell & John Wooden Court Don Pedro, Don John, Dogberry John Paul I succeeded him in 1978 In 1857 John Butterfield helped found this mail company John Updike was in the money with this 1981 novel, the third in a series, winning a Pulitzer for it This duo dreamed up by John Belushi & Dan Aykroyd began as a pre-show warmup act for "SNL" This 1983 Elton John hit featured Stevie Wonder on harmonica This promontory on a barrier island is the site of the John F. Kennedy Space Center P.S., T.S. is the central character of this 1978 John Irving novel John Quincy Adams John Slidell, C.D.J. Bouligny John Nash has a beautiful mind that contributed to this "theory" of strategic decision making John Smith recorded the name of this river as Patawomeck, but it is now called this Rev. John Robinson, Minister to these people, wrote them a letter saying how upset he was not to be going with them The father of John L. Lewis, first president of the CIO, had this job back in Wales Last name of navigators John or Sebastian, or Doctor Richard C. John Darling,  Wendy Darling, Tinker Bell From April 1975, it was John Denver's third No. 1 hit "Salvador" & "Citizen Cohn" star heard here as the voice of John Adams  <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2000-11-23_DJ_18.wmv"><i>"Vanity, I am sensible, is my cardinal vice..."</i></a> The mobsters turned filmmakers were trying to get the movie "Mr. Lovejoy" made in this John Travolta film Nick Rhodes, Andy, John & Roger Taylor, Simon Le Bon John Paul Jones, John Bonham, Jimmy Page, Robert Plant Both Matthew & Mark tell us that John the Baptist wore a garment made of the hair of this animal Dr. Mark Greene, Dr. Doug Ross, Dr. John Carter John Tyler was one of the 4 presidents from this bygone political party At the instigation of Rep. John Minor Botts, Tyler was the first pres. to have this type of resolution aimed at him Both John Elway & Jim Plunkett were NFL No. 1 draft choices from this university Will Shakespeare's father John was a businessman in this town & once held an office equal to mayor John Jay, Madison & Hamilton wrote these "papers", which stressed the need for a strong central government After Julia Ward Howe heard Union soldiers singing "John Brown's Body", she wrote this song to the same tune In John 3, Jesus said, "Except a man be" this, "he cannot see the Kingdom of God" John Steinbeck wrote a famous story about young Jody Tiflin & this title equine John Smeaton, the first to call himself a civil engineer, built one of these ship-guiding structures near Plymouth Zacharias ministers in the temple in this book that comes before John & after Mark In 1899 Secretary of State John Hay proclaimed this "welcoming" policy to preserve U.S. trading rights in China "SNL" parodied him as calling John McCain "a raging maniac and a dear dear friend" John Northrop joined this generation when he found that this digestive enzyme is a protein Of the over 120 characters John Wayne has played, the only one that we know was Mongolian His father, John, like his creation Mr. Pickwick, served time in debtor's prison British officer John Andre, 1780 Dame Margaret Rutherford saw the ghost of theatre manager John Buckstone in this city's Haymarket Theatre (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-10-27_DJ_20.jpg" target="_blank">I'm Campbell Brown, CNN.</a>)  One of John McCain's weapons in appealing to a younger demographic is this type of Internet diary kept by his daughter Meghan Of John Riggins, O.J. Simpson, or Jim Brown, the 1 holding record for most TDs scored in an NFL season Voiced by John Cleese, King Harold of "Shrek" fame was originally one of these small creatures No. 2: Boxing fan John Sholto Douglas was one of Queensberry John Donne: "In best understandings, sin began, / Angels sinn'd first, then devils, and then" him Legend says Dr. John S. Pemberton, a Confederate Army veteran, developed the syrup for what became this The gospel according to John tells of this Pharisee who secretly followed Jesus Not John or Bob but territorial governor James lent his name to this "elevated" western city A Pennsylvania city is named for John Wilkes & this other British friend of the colonists Credited with formulating the "Three Laws of Robotics", he said the idea came from his editor John Campbell Discovered by John Davis in 1592, these islands were first settled by Argentinians in the 1820s President John Tyler was the son of Mary Armistead & this governor John Ford, then billed as Jack Ford, was a Klansman in this 1915 D.W. Griffith epic Ford Country is how folks refer to this southeastern Utah "valley" that John Ford often used for exteriors Richard Nixon awarded former Marine & Navy man John Ford this rank This 1939 John Ford film starring Henry Fonda fits in another category on this board John Quincy Adams after the presidency In good weather, John Quincy Adams liked to spend his mornings skinny-dipping in this river In April 1913 Woodrow Wilson became the first president since John Adams to deliver this message in person John Adams & John Quincy Adams were members of this religion, meaning they believed in 1 divinity, not 3 In 1935 onstage in London, he alternated with John Gielgud as Romeo & Mercutio This woman's mother, Herodias, hated John the Baptist for condemning her marriage When John Wayne always arrived with the cavalry The Webster-Ashburton Treaty set parts of the St. Francis & St. John rivers as the border for this state & Canada Of "Summer Catch", "Summer Rental" or "Summer Camp Nightmare", the one that's a John Candy comedy Designed by John Roebling, when it opened in 1883, it was the world's longest suspension bridge & not for sale Characters in this John Adams opera include Chou En-lai, Chairman Mao & Henry Kissinger (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2004-12-08_J_10.jpg" target="_blank">Hi.  I'm Hal Sparks.</a>)  This former E! entertainment channel TV show helped further the careers of me, John Henson & Greg Kinnear This midwestern American poet gained new fame in 1990 with "Iron John:  A Book About Men" John Ales was Eddie Murphy's dutiful assistant in 2 movie remakes of this 1963 Jerry Lewis film At this type of ceremony May 20, 2002, John McCain spoke of parents' sacrifices & leaders of tomorrow John McCain was said to be "such an opponent of" this type of political spending "he's almost kosher" (VIDEO DAILY DOUBLE): Sir John Everett Millais painted an 1852 portrait of this Shakespearean heroine, seen here To "trip" this, meaning to dance, comes from a John Milton poem Elton John: "Honky ___" This Christmas song regarding a Czech king was written for kids by John Mason Neale to exemplify generosity In 1955 the Pope moved the service from this observance, including St. John's Passion, to the afternoon Set on controlling the vichyssoise supply, Greg Kinnear & John Henson are vying for the role of this fascist John Osborne's "Look Back in..." Gen. John Shalikashvili & Gen. Wojciech Jaruzelski Characters in this 1990 Oscar winner included Wind In His Hair, Kicking Bird & Lt. John Dunbar John Michael Hayes wrote some of this director's finest films, including "Rear Window" & "To Catch a Thief" John Quincy Adams divided by John Adams This concept dates to a 1783 paper by John Michell, who theorized about a body with the sun's density & 500 times its diameter With John F. Kennedy in command, this boat was sunk by the Japanese August 2, 1943 One of John Candy's last films was this comedy about the U.S. declaring war on its neighbor to the north In an HBO biopic John Lithgow played Blake Edwards, & Geoffrey Rush, this late actor In 1926 John Barrymore romanced Mary Astor as this swashbuckling Spanish lover John Belushi could have checked out of this Hollywood Hotel any time he liked, but he died there in 1982 A line from this playwright's "Sonnet 18" inspired the title of John Mortimer's book "Summer's Lease" First name shared by the wives of Millard Fillmore & John Adams OK, one more time: John C. McGinley is on "Scrubs"; this actor played Amos in the 2002 film "Chicago" Although John Jacob Astor IV perished during this 1912 voyage, his pregnant wife survived & gave brith to an heir Snow White mistrusts this beaming dwarf who shares his name with John le Carre's title spy, George Hillary first dated Bill while a law student & Jackie first dated John while she was the "inquiring" one of these for a paper In April 1614 he became John Rolfe's "chief" father-in-law To the Brits he can be an unscrupulous businessman, not just a ranch hand or John Wayne character In 2005 the terpsichorean splendor of John O'Hurley repopularized a somewhat lost art on this TV show (Hi, I'm NBA Hall-of-Famer John Havlicek)  The Celtics have won 16 NBA titles, including 1968 & 1969 when we were led by this man, the NBA's first black head coach After John Quincy Adams' disputed election, Polk called for an end to the electoral system & for this type of vote The central figure in a biblical Rubens painting is Salome, who is presenting the head of John the Baptist to this biblical king In the Bible, only John's gospel mentions this village in Galilee as the site of Jesus' wedding feast miracle Pyewacket was the musical & mysterious cat in this supernatural play by John Van Druten It's the object John Donne is addressing here: ("Why doest thou thus through windows and through curtains call on us; must to thy emotions lovers' seasons run") John Milton wrote a sonnet about this Lord Protector under whom he served as Secretary of Foreign Languages In a Longfellow poem, Priscilla asks this when John Alden urges her to marry Miles Standish In a 2001 film Jon Voight played this man; in a 2002 TV movie, so did John Turturro Lawyer Matthew McConaughey defends Samuel Jackson in this film based on a John Grisham novel On Sept. 10, 1955, John Wayne introduced the 1st episode of this western set in Dodge City, Kansas John Reed's "Ten Days That Shook the World" is an account of this country's 1917 revolution Dr. Vincent Markham, John Bracken, Detective Frank Drebin John Lennon & Paul McCartney were in their 20s when they wrote "When I'm" this old He led a creative revolution in advertising after the retirement of partner John Orr Young John Barrymore played this role twice, silently in "The Sea Beast" & talking in "Moby Dick" Last name of Soames & Irene, the 2 principal characters in John Galsworthy's 3 novel "saga" Although elderly & barren, this cousin of Mary gave birth to John the Baptist "Dear John" & "The Last Song" are among his bestsellers that have been turned into films Arrrrr! In 1972 Orson Welles was back aboard ship as the evil Long John Silver in this tale In John 2, Jesus helps out the imbiblers of this Galilee village when a wedding party runs short of wine This mega-bestseller by John Gray is touted as "the classic guide to understanding the opposite sex" It's John Goodman's first onscreen line in "The Flintstones" His real name was John Chapman & his claim to fame was planting a series of nurseries from the Alleghenies to the Midwest In a ballad from "Grease", it's the way in which Olivia Newton-John was "Devoted to You" John C. Fremont, who hadn't heard of this scout before hiring him, later wrote tales of his exploits Colorful causeway Elton John bids adieu to in '73 hit This seductive novel landed John Fowles on the best-seller list in 1969 Naturalist John C. Lilly said in June 1960 that this mammal may have a higher IQ than man Crusty Secret Service agent Clint Eastwood protects the president from John Malkovich in this 1993 thriller Garth Brooks, Mr. T & John Goodman worked as these in clubs before becoming stars It was John C. Fremont who gave the entrance to San Francisco's bay this name This man who began his gospel with Jesus & John the Baptist in the wilderness is symbolized by a lion He wrote "The Fifth Quarter" under the name John Swithen, a musician at the prom in his novel "Carrie" Guinness says 4 of the actors died during Sir John Gielgud's 1942 production of this "bad luck" play John Chisum, J.D. Cahill, Rooster Cogburn John was really a "drag" in this 2007 film in which he played Edna Turnblad, a role first made famous by Divine This mother of John the Baptist was a descendant of Aaron A span much longer than 30 days, or a John Updike novel about an adulterous minister N.M.I. means this, as used in the name John (N.M.I.) Smith John Denver's country roads lead to these West Virginia mountains John Marshall handed down the decision in this landmark case Feb. 24, 1803 John Le Carre popularized the name of this burrowing mammal to mean a spy in enemy ranks A playing card knave & Ms. St. John This 1981 John Irving novel was made into a 1984 film starring Beau Bridges St, John & Newcastle are towns in this Canadian province John Hancock was a sufferer of this chronic disease that causes a painful swelling of the joints "You fill up my senses, come fill me again" like this gal from a John Denver song 1828: John Quincy Adams The John Lennon wall seen <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-09-24_J_23.jpg" target="_blank">here</a> is in this Czech capital John Steinbeck: "The ___ Pony" "Foolish Pride" gave him a Top 40 hit in 1986, without any help from John Oates "...came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness ...and saying," do this: "for the kingdom of heaven is at hand" Radical journalist John Reed The movie "Saturday Night Fever" & John Travolta helped feed this dance craze in 1977 John Poindexter's conviction for his role in this scandal was overturned in 1991 John Zenor was a longtime keeper of one of these towers at Yaquina Head on the Oregon Coast Last name of siblings Daniel, John & Elisha, who took over dad's clothing store in 1850 In 1530 Holy Roman emperor Charles V gave this island nation to the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem This bare-knuckles heavyweight champ was known as "The Great John L." Detective John Book The nobility frowned when this king seized his loyal uncle John of Gaunt's wealth after his death John Avildsen directed "Rocky" & this "Rocky"-like film with Ralph Macchio as a teen beset by bullies An epithalamium is a poem written for one of these occasions, like the one John Masefield wrote for Nov. 20, 1947 In the title of a John Osborne play, it's what you "Look Back in" Danny, Savion, John According to the title of a 1952 John Ford film, John Wayne's character was this type of "Man" John Madden & Connie Stevens have both been spokespeople for this supply shore With 102 years of combined service, John Conyers & John Dignell of this Midwest state are the House's 2 senior members John Larroquette narrated this 1974 film in which lumbering tools are put to new use Herod had this apostle, the brother of John, killed with a sword This Cowardly Lion actor's son & biographer, John, writes on comedy for the New Yorker This Prime Minster became the Labour Party's leader in 1994 after John Smith died John C. Fremont named this Nevada lake seen <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2007-03-15_DJ_05.jpg" target="_blank">here</a> for its tufa or rock formation Jasper Johns' 1958 work "Three Flags" shows 3 U.S. flags when they had this many stars In this 1940 novel, deaf-mute John Singer commits suicide when he learns his friend Spiros has died John Locke influenced future democracies with "Two Treatises of" this <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2005-07-22_J_18.mp3">This</a> song could be John Henry's reply to the question "Where ya been?" John Busby's call to Christian service led him from Youth Leader to National Commander of this "Army" This black women's college in Atlanta took its name from Mrs. John D. Rockefeller's maiden name On stage, the noise of this from the audience prompted John Barrymore to throw them a fish & say, "Here, you walruses!" Judge John Raulston, seen <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2007-03-22_J_09.jpg" target="_blank">here</a>, had to keep order between Darrow & Bryan in this 1925 trial John Brown's raid on the federal arsenal in this town made him a martyr to the antislavery cause John 3 Correctly, John Dalton said all matter was made of these; incorrectly, he claimed they were indivisible His vice presidential candidates were John J. Sparkman in 1952 & Estes Kefauver in 1956 Many readers don't get through the Slough of Despond in this 1678 John Bunyan work John Book (now an ex-cop) & Rachel (exiled from the Amish) meet again when he picks her up in a Las Vegas bar Around 1807, John Colter explored Yellowstone after he was released from this duo's expedition Though advanced in years, she gave birth to John The Baptist Captain John Smith became president of this Virginia colony's council in September 1608 John Milton, John Grisham, John Steinbeck Part of John Cranko's ballet based on this Shakespeare play is set in Petruchio's home In 1978 John Travolta & this singer teamed for 2 Top 5 hits, "You're the One that I Want" & "Summer Nights" The voices of John, Paul, George & Ringo were dubbed by actors for most of this film John J. Pershing's attempts to stop this Mexican raider included the U.S. cavalry's "last charge" John Wayne played him twice, in 1969 & 1975 This classic 1931 Cagney film was based on the John Bright story "Beer and Blood" She dedicated her autobiography "To Walter Mondale for his faith & to John Zaccaro for his strength" John Ericsson invented this to replace the paddlewheel as the propulsion device on steamships "John Tucker Must ____" She was the teen star of the 1969 film "A Walk with Love and Death", directed by her dad, John Huston Sales were slow for cellophane Scotch Tape until John Borden invented one of these for the roll In 1856 John C. Fremont became this political party's first presidential nominee John Huston wrote & directed this film about a black bird This president was called "Second John" John V. Lindsay was mayor of this city in the turbulent '60s & '70s, first as a Republican & then as a Democrat John Trumbull's "Declaration of Independence" is in the Capitol Rotunda & on the back of this piece of currency For him, it was "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" & hello, godfatherhood to John Lennon's son Sean Home computer buyers choose between these 2 types played by Justin Long & John Hodgman in commercials The few lines that Arnold mouthed in "Conan the Barbarian" were written by John Milius & this "Wall Street" director John Lithgow & Norbert Leo Butz conned their way onto Broadway as the title rogues in "Dirty Rotten" these Confederate general John Hood lost an arm at Gettysburg & one of these at Chickamauga John Moschitta Jr.'s motormouth spiel for this company was No. 2 on Entertainment Weekly's 50 Best Commercials List This 1858 poem asks, "Why don't you speak for yourself, John?" In 1920 American communist & author John Reed died of typhus in this foreign capital John Leguizamo, Patrick Swayze & this man "dragged" through 1995's "To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything, Julie Newmar" Even his jester Muckle John couldn't cheer up this king when he was beheaded in 1649 Almost 480 of his hymns appeared in the 1780 Methodist Hymnal; his brother John was also a theologian In "Paradiso" Dante is queried by St. James about hope; by St. John about charity; & by St. Peter about this Directors who went from TV to film include John Frankenheimer & this John who made "Midnight Cowboy" 2 presidents: Stephen Dillane & David Morse  in HBO's "John Adams" "The Celestial Railroad" from his "Twice-Told Tales" is a parody of John Bunyan's works In "Swordfish" John Travolta enlists this Aussie actor to hack billions from the government In John 11, Jesus "cried out with a loud voice" & commanded this dead man to "come forth" For a historic anniversary, Pope John Paul II was in the Dominican Republic on October 9-13 of this year It's why it's tough to locate clarinetist Benny or Roseanne's co-star John (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2005-09-20_J_20.jpg" target="_blank">Cheryl of the Clue Crue walks around a control panel in the JFK Library & Museum in Boston, MA.</a>)  This equipment was used  for the first televised  presidential debate  between John F. Kennedy & this man John Lennon, Ringo Starr, George Harrison John Paul Stevens, William Rehnquist, David Souter John Todd gave his name to a type of this algebraic expression of 2 or more terms connected by symbols In 1585 John Davis sailed to find the Northwest Passage with 2 ships: Sunneshine & this one (hic!) Johnny Gunther is the subject of this 1949 memoir by his father, with a title taken from John Donne Produced by John Rich, this John Gay musical play was said to have "made Gay rich & Rich gay" Costing about $1 billion & stretching from St. Johns to Victoria, it opened in 1962 In 1998 John Conyers was reelected with 87% of the vote in this state's 14th congressional district John Turturro played this title screenwriter in a 1991 Coen Brothers film This John Ritter series that debuted in 1977 was based on the British TV series "Man About the House" Narraboth, Herodias, John the Baptist John Astin was Lt. Cdr. Matthew Sherman on this '70s sub-set sitcom Like Davy, son John Wesley Crockett served as a congressman from this state John Irving: "Le Monde Selon Garp" John Grisham: "Le Couloir De La Mort" A 2005 rain delay at the Nissan Open had this golfer known as "Long John" saying, "My marriages don't last this long" Called John Dryden's best comedy, his play about intrigue & adultery is titled "Marriage A La" this John Paul II shot; Iran releases U.S. embassy hostages John D. Rockefeller began his oil dynasty in this Ohio city A Southern specialty, Hoppin' John is made with pork, rice & these peas Pope John Paul II born, Prohibition takes effect, Harding wins the presidency John Charnley invented a procedure for replacing this joint with an artificial one In 1997 this troupe's John Cleese & Michael Palin revived their dead parrot sketch on "SNL" John Astin studied math at Johns Hopkins before becoming a creepy & kooky patriarch on this '60s sitcom Oscar Wilde, Bram Stoker & John Millington Synge attended the University of Dublin, which is also called this In July 2001 Liberty Media's John C. Malone resigned from this company's board of directors This John Updike novel of 1984 had women set for a spell in New England This 1728 John Gay "opera" put satiric lyrics to the tunes of popular songs Pre-Raphaelite artist Sir John Everett Millais painted this "Hamlet" heroine afloat in a pond John D. Rockefeller co-founded this company in Cleveland in 1870 John was the real first name of this locomotive engineer celebrated in ballad & song Ford played Philly cop John Book, who goes into hiding with the Amish, in this 1985 film This 2007 John Grisham novel puts you in the game; well, puts you in a place to watch it John D. Rockefeller III organized it in the late '50s to give the Met & NY Philharmonic a home Julia Roberts plays a law student on the run in this movie based on a John Grisham novel In this 1994 film, John Cusack plays a playwright who gets mixed up with the mob John Shepherd-Barron invented it & in 1967 Barclays Bank installed the world's first one Ralph "Mike Hammer" Meeker & John C. "Mr. Cellophane" Reilly have played this role made famous by Brando In 1521 it was Charles V presiding & the Archbishop of Trier, John Eck, prosecuting this man Jimmy Stewart returns to the town of Shinbone for John Wayne's funeral & sets the record straight in this manly western John Hancock Tower As the first, it jump-started John Updike's series of novels about Harry Angstrom Architect John Nash is known for his redesign of the Royal Pavilion in this British seaside resort John McEnroe's middle name, it's the first name of his brother, also a Davis Cup captain In this Warren Beatty film about John Reed, Alexander Kerensky was played by one of his descendants Charles V, who held this "Holy" title, granted Malta to the Knights of St. John in 1530 This word follows "St. Matthew" & "St. John" in the titles of J.S. Bach works; fitting for a man who sired 20 children While in England in 1760, John Hancock attended the coronation of this king After saving John Smith's life, she married John -- John Rolfe John Cusack was devoted to kickboxing & Ione Skye in this 1989 film John Glenn Mrs. John C. Breckinridge (like Mrs. Lincoln) This John Fogerty group gave us direction with "Down On The Corner" & "Up Around The Bend" This 1962 Cinerama epic had segments directed by George Marshall, Henry Hathaway & John Ford Jesus said in John 6:55, "For my flesh is meat indeed, and" this "is drink indeed" Though first written about Marilyn Monroe, this Elton John song was changed to honor Princess Di This 1968 Beatles chart topper was inspired by John's son Julian John McCain was shot down over this capital in 1967 The whole bus joins in to sing this Elton John song in "Almost Famous" The grave of witchcraft trial Judge John Hathorne is in the Burying Point, this city's oldest cemetery Yippie ki yay!  Bruce Willis has played John McClane 4 times in this series John Berryman's poem "Homage to Mistress Bradstreet" is a tribute to her In January 1999 Ted Kennedy & John McCain were sworn in as jurors in this man's trial Brown's John Hay Library has one of the world's most renowned collections of writings about & by this 16th pres. In 1947 British driver John Cobb was 1st to travel over 400 MPH on this state's salt beds <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-09-14_DJ_01.jpg" target="_blank">Here</a>'s John Constable's take on this English landmark "Miss Ravenel's Conversion From Secession to Loyalty" is John De Forest's 1867 novel about this war John Derek's exes include Ursula Andress & this "Dynasty" actress The success of this book in 1978 allowed John Irving to leave the teaching world John Paul II has eliminated this position whose duty was to present arguments against sainthood John Milton epic about Gertrude Stein's Parisian expatriate Yanks who were born starting in 1965 1969: Dr. John Carpenter, who works with Sister Michelle (Mary Tyler Moore) In 1917 John Browning designed the "BAR", which stood for this In 1497 John Cabot visited the area of this Newfoundland capital & named it for a beheaded saint Jackie Chan plays Chon Wang, pronounced "John Wayne", in this film When the Virgin Mary arrived, John the Baptist "leaped in" this woman's "womb" "Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me": Elton John in 1974, this man & Elton in 1992 Ford's Theatre has on display this type of .44 caliber pocket pistol infamously used by John Wilkes Booth Born Elizabeth Bloomer in 1918, <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-01-02_J_12.jpg" target="_blank">she</a> <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-01-02_J_12a.jpg" target="_blank">danced</a> for Martha Graham & modeled for John Robert Powers before meeting Jerry The saga of Vietnam vet John Rambo began with this 1982 film U.S. president John Adams The births of John & Jesus were heralded by this archangel John Newton wrote this inspiring hymn about the extra weeks you get to pay your credit card bill Former Husker head coach & now Congressman Tom, or "Look Back in Anger" playwright John According to Elton John, "Baby's got" these Jules Feiffer & John Lennon contributed to this "clothing optional" revue on Broadway from 1976-1989 John Philip Sousa played in this French "Can-Can" composer's orchestra during a U.S. tour Mr. Jingles, a pet mouse living on death row, is resurrected by John Coffey after being killed by a guard in this film In this John Milton work, the angel Michael leads Adam & Eve out of the Garden of Eden John Grisham is just one of the famous authors who have lived in Oxford in this southern state This name precedes "Chronicle" & "Scandal" in titles by John Cheever Kitty loves this 1972 Elton John song that says, "Well, I quit those days and my redneck ways" John would be proud of this "southern" denomination, no. 2 at 16 million 1985: John Larroquette's prosecutorial misconduct earns an Emmy Giant Despair inhabits Doubting Castle in this John Bunyan allegory In 1776 a mission was named for St. John (or San Juan) of this Italian town John Cusack & Anjelica Huston were these title small-time hustlers in a 1990 film John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon are seen <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2004-10-21_DJ_07.jpg" target="_blank">here</a> during one of these in 1960, the first year they were held Elton John & Kiki Dee had a No. 1 hit with "Don't Go" doing this John Belushi & the boys set up their fraternity in the museum where crazy Vincent Price turns people into figurines In John 20 this woman finds that the boulder in front of Jesus' tomb has been rolled away & that he is gone With a fancy flourish, John Hancock became the first to do this July 4, 1776 Cher was a "bewitching" sculptor in this movie based on a John Updike novel John F. Kennedy, Gerald Ford, George H.W. Bush Al Pacino, James Caan & John Cazale played brothers Michael, Sonny & Fredo in this 1972 drama Jesus called the brothers James & John "Boanerges", "sons of" this weather word Some people said presidential hopeful John Kerry was in bed with this company, HNZ Do not deny him or refuse his name, it's John Bartlett's "familiar" specialty In a John Steinbeck work, this title object found by Kino the fisherman is as big as a seagull's egg "Devil in a Blue Dress" & "John Q" The teensy "JF" at the base of Washington's neck on the obverse of this belongs to John Flanagan, its sculptor John Pistole is the administrator of this government body, which oversees the Federal Air Marshal Service The U.S. abandoned the arsenal at this site in 1861, 2 years after a raid by John Brown Manny Sanguillen, John Candelaria & Andy Van Slyke are among the heroes who have performed here This 1957 Buddy Holly hit was inspired by a line of dialogue from the John Wayne film "The Searchers" Olivia Newton-John: "I ____ Love You" Frasier's TV dad John Mahoney appeared as Clint Eastwood's Secret Service superior in this 1993 thriller The title of this 1994 John Grisham novel refers to the gas one The 13 people at his final dinner included James, Andrew, John & Judas John Birks Gillespie 1880: John Philip Sousa becomes leader of this military band Fess Parker & John Wayne have both played this king of the wild frontier In the book of Luke, this angel announces the births of both John the Baptist & Jesus Christ On April 19, 1897 this city's marathon was run for the first time; John McDermott won in 2 hrs., 55 min., 10 sec. John Philip Sousa sat down on Christmas 1896 & wrote this march, including the lyric "Hurrah for the flag of the free" This duo's 1964 hit "A World Without Love" was written by John Lennon & Paul McCartney John Brown died on one in 1859 Old: John Astin & Jackie Coogan; New: Raul Julia & Christopher Lloyd This 1858 invention was John Mason's contribution to the art of canning Testifying to Congress about this 1980s scandal, John Poindexter claimed 184 instances of memory loss Last name of brothers John & Henry, who leased out land to build the Kentucky Derby race track in the 1870s "Sir John, to Master Brook you yet shall hold your word, for he tonight shall lie with Mistress Ford" This hot state inspired the name of John Ferolito & Don Vultaggio's beverage company that's known for its iced tea Phil Spector overdubbed this last number-one Beatles hit; John and Paul's original version is not for sale Non-flyer John Madden travels on this, the "Maddencruiser," complete with bed and shower John Steinbeck describes this title fish processing area in Monterey, Ca. as "A poem, a stink, a grating noise" (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2004-12-15_DJ_08.jpg" target="_blank">Hi, I'm John Tartaglia.  And I'm Rod.  And I'm Princeton.</a>)  And we're here on the set of the 2004 Tony-award winner for best musical of this title street 1992: John Goodman This Elton John hit is subtitled "I Think It's Gonna Be A Long, Long Time" John Gotti nickname for the Man of La Mancha Correspondents for this ABC show include Chris Wallace, Lynn Sherr & John Stossel Wild Bill Kelso, Jake Blues, John Blutarsky (GPA, 0.0) In the 1780s John Walter started this London newspaper to show off his printing works Marko Ramius, John Kelly (aka Mr. Clark), Jack Ryan Annie Wilkes, John Coffey, Carrie White In "John Brown's Body", Steven Vincent Benet tried to give a complete picture of this war A monument at St. John's Church in this Indian city remembers the victims of the "black hole" A violent ghost called the Bell Witch allegedly murdered John Bell in this "Volunteer State" in 1820 John Chapman, a 19th C. pioneer known by this nickname, planted apple orchards on the frontier Adela St. Johns In 1989, Roger Daltrey, Pete Townshend & John Entwistle reunited as this group for an American tour John Speke died just before he was to debate this former exploring partner on the source of the Nile "Papa John" John Donne tells death this because "One short sleep past, we wake eternally" Australian artist John Olsen painted a mural for this opera house in the early '70s In 2004 Elton John caused a stir, accusing this single-named singer of lipsyncing during "live" concerts John Williams received a 1991 Oscar nomination for "When You're Alone" from this Spielberg version of "Peter Pan" This U.S. city was the birthplace of Connie Chung, Edward Herrmann & John F. Kennedy, Jr. Wyatt was working as a railroad detective when John Shanssey introduced him to this sometime dentist In the 1949 film "Sands of Iwo Jima", he played the implacable Marine sergeant John M. Stryker He had 4 daughters, Bessie, Alta, Alice & Edith, & one son, John D, Jr. One of his sons, John IV, wrote the memoir "The Other Side Of Eden" Elton John asked him, “Do you still feel the pain of the scars that won't heal” Sir John Falstaff called sherry by this name, also what he'd hit after indulging in it John Hancock signed his name big so “John Bull” including this king, could read it without glasses This niece of Cecil B. De Mille choreographed a ballet based on John Ford's classic film "The Informer" John Steinbeck described this district of Monterey as "a poem, a stink, a grating noise" The oldest chronicle of this city was compiled by John the Deacon, Chaplain to the Doge John the Faster was a 6th C. Deacon at this Constantinople cathedral Profession of the heroes of Steve Martini's "Prime Witness" & John Grisham's "The Firm" In the 1770s she lived on Arch Street in Philly, where she & husband John ran an upholstery business Completes the John le Carre title "Tinker, Tailor,..." London's Royal Opera House traces its history back to a 1728 performance of this John Gay "Opera" Before teaming with Annette Funicello, Frankie Avalon appeared in this 1960 John Wayne western (not as Davy) Some dance to remember; she dances for the head of John the Baptist after he resists her advances Actor Bruce Willis has played maverick cop John McClane 3 times in this movie series At a particularly rough time, John Dean said there was "a cancer growing on (his) presidency" The first man called this, referring to his net value, was 18th century speculator John Law John Irving (1999) This brewery runs commercials featuring John Wayne & the cast of "Bonanza" The liturgy of this day includes a reading of the Passion according to St. John 1994 Savannah-set John Berendt bestseller This 1971 John Gardner work retells "Beowulf" from the perspective of the monster It's John Steinbeck's famous poodle & traveling companion Acts reports that John & he were arrested under suspicion of promoting resurrection of the dead In a John Ford movie filmed on Kauai, John Wayne played "Guns" Donovan, the owner of this title bar 6-letter title of the John Singer Sargent WWI painting seen here in detail; it's what happened to the men John Travolta & Gabe Kaplan starred in this series about a classroom of remedial students 1 John 4:8 -- "He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is ____" In 1844 John C. Fremont crossed the Sierra Nevada & this John C. became Secretary of State John Keats: "A thing of Jeopardy! is a joy forever" Ex-rocker John Hall (of the band Orleans, not & Oates) now reps this states's 19th, including Peekskill It premiered on August 1, 1981 at 12:01 A.M. with John Lack saying, "Ladies and gentlemen, rock and roll" ...one of these, from the Greek for "star sailor", like John Glenn or Buzz Aldrin Scientist John Dalton suffered from the red-green type of this In a painting by his friend John Trumbull, he's <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2003-05-01_DJ_04.jpg" target="_blank">seen</a> <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2003-05-01_DJ_04a.jpg" target="_blank">here</a> resigning his commission in 1783 In 1799 Canada's Isle St. John was renamed this in honor of the Duke of Kent Welsh singer Thomas John Woodward became this after his boss compared him to a Henry Fielding character John Paul II was the favorite, but Shirin Ebadi, a female Muslim from this country, took home the Peace Prize Born in Ireland in 1911, she played Jane to Tarzan & wife to John Farrow Born in Ireland in 1920, she appeared in several John Ford films, starting with "How Green Was My Valley" The title of this first Beatles film may have come from a line in John Lennon's book "In His Own Write" <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2002-02-25_DJ_06.mp3">One "Behind the Music" covered this year in which the U.S. re-elected Nixon & tried to deport John Lennon</a> Like John Henry, Jael had this in her hand & used it to nail Sisera's head to the ground [Hi, I'm Melody Scott Thomas from “The Young and the Restless.”  The answer is:]  In 1976 I appeared in John Wayne's final film, this western in which he played a dying gunslinger When it was rung for Chief Justice John Marshall's funeral, it cracked Musical about Continental Congress, it included song "Sit Down, John" John Heywood's 16th century book of proverbs mentioned this price "for your thoughts" (What a cheapskate!) Just like the film, "Hairspray" is set in this Md. city that John Waters called "the hairdo capital of the world" John Steinbeck describes this title fish-processing area in Monterey, Ca. as "a poem, a stink, a grating noise" In a painting by John William Waterhouse, this femme fatale offers a cup to Ulysses John Dewey, John Rawls By birth: Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, John F. Kennedy John Le Carre introduced British agent Alec Leamas in this 1963 novel After divorcing British tennis pro John Lloyd in 1987, she married former olympic skier Andy Mill John Updike's novel "The Witches Of" this place has cast a spell as a musical As of 2005, this movie house where John Dillinger saw his last flick was being converted to a live theater Robin Williams has a few Mommy issues with Glenn Close in this film based on a John Irving novel A gin cocktail is named for this man, John Tunney's father Secretary of Labor George Shultz, Attorney General John Mitchell John Rutledge briefly succeeded this first chief justice, until his nomination was rejected John Foster Dulles During WWI John Pershing commanded the AEF, short for this Jill St. John & Brooke Shields have both "Starred" as this comic strip reporter 1978: John Stallworth, Lynn Swann; who do you double cover with that combo? On Aug. 22, 1787 John Fitch made a successful trial of his steamboat on the Delaware River before delegates to this The Great Mosque in this Syrian capital supposedly contains the head of John the Baptist (Hi, I'm Paul McCrane from "ER")  I played Jodie Foster's brother, Frank Berry, in this film based on a John Irving novel In this 1988 film director John Sayles cast himself as sportswriter Ring Lardner John Barrymore played this Spanish lover in a 1926 film & averaged about a kiss a minute "The job market will improve", Georgia Tech grads were told by John F. Brock III, CEO of this beverage's "Enterprises" Pencil in the date-- July 6, 1777-- that's when British Gen. John Burgoyne forced the surrender of this N.Y. fort John Nance Garner (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2005-05-10_J_12.jpg" target="_blank">Hi, I'm Christiane Amanpour of CNN.</a>)  Millions of people have come here to Vatican City to this basilica to present their final respects to Pope John Paul II John Ratzenberger, Cliff Clavin on "Cheers", did British ads for this golden U.S. beer company This term for a lawyer who pulls in profits provided the title of a John Grisham book Warren Beatty portrayed John Reed, author of "Ten Days That Shook the World" in this 1981 epic While Starbuck said, "Moonlight Feels Right", John Denver preferred this For 1983-84: John Ritter In 2010 we learned this word for bank workers who John Hancocked 1000s of unread foreclosure papers Concerning this 1773 event, John Adams wrote, "This is the most magnificent movement of all" John played this doctor & his potion-drinking alter ego in 1996's "Mary Reilly" John played Lennie & Gary Sinise was George in a 1992 film adaptation of this Steinbeck novel Clint Eastwood protects the president from would-be assassin John Malkovich in this 1993 thriller 1999's "Being John Malkovich" has John being John Malkovich & this star being a puppeteer John Buchan defined this kind of skeptic as "a man who has no invisible means of support" Her name was Holly Michelle Gilliam before she married Papa John & became a singing Mama Presenter John Ritter accepted this actor's Emmy in 1979; guess Sacheen was busy that night In the 1800s John Farrar was one of the first to move teeth in slow increments using a mechanism that evolved into these John Donne wrote  that "any man's death diminishes me... therefore never send to know" this Hemingway title This Portuguese patron of exploration was the grandson of England's John of Gaunt On his mother's side, he was a descendant of Scottish Protestant reformer John Knox John Glenn You can thank John Harvey Kellogg for this breakfast blend of rolled oats, honey, dried fruit & nuts 2 of the people who witnessed his execution were John Wilkes Booth & Stonewall Jackson John Jay, not John Marshall, was the first one Warren Buffett, John J. Pershing (law degree) Mathematician John Nash, Donald Rumsfeld "Some say eat or be eaten" is a line from this song Elton John found lion around In 1961 John F. Kennedy helped this man's widow get permission to go to Cuba to pick up her late husband's papers John Rolfe, who married Pocahontas, was 1st to grow this crop commercially in Virginia In 1998 Pope John Paul II concluded his visit to this country with a mass at the Plaza de la Revolucion A small boat with a flat bottom: when it follows "John", it's a kind of fish John Smith comes to Virginia to help found the Jamestown colony Her 2 children from a previous marriage, John & Patsy Custis, were "adopted" by the president Future playwright John Casey changed his name to this when he was won over to Irish nationalism On "SNL", "immigrant" John Belushi learned to say, "I would like to feed your fingertips to" this Michigan "glutton" In 1935 John Buchan's climb to fame included being made a peer & this mystery of his being filmed by Hitchcock This recent Florida governor born in 1953 has the given names John Ellis As writer John JB Wilson observes, if you're surrounded by 12 bad guys, they must attack this way John Cleveland defined it as "Nature's Confectioner" Movie in which John Hurt, as John Merrick, declares, "I am not an animal!" John Donne's monument in this cathedral survived the Great Fire; he posed for it wearing a shroud PZZA is the symbol that made a lot of dough for John Schnatter & this company Now broadcast partners, Mary Carillo & John McEnroe won this event together at the 1977 French Open John Houseman reprised his role as Prof. Charles Kingsfield on this TV series based on a 1973 film Sylvia Nasar wrote this biography of math genius & Nobel laureate John Nash He's the scruffy title angel played by John Travolta in a 1996 film John Elway, Jim Everett, Troy Aikman John Billington, the first person executed for a murder in the colonies, came over on this ship Patrick Henry gave his "Liberty or Death" oration at St. John's Church in this city As captain John Smith, Mel Gibson sang songs in this animated film about an American Indian princess John Cleese guest-starred as a wacky professor who was John Lithgow's rival on this show In 1991 Elton John re-recorded this song live with George Michael Used by John Wilkes Booth at Ford's Theater, it's the make of pistol seen <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/1998-11-03_DJ_14.jpg" target="_blank">here</a> John Larroquette, Christian Clemenson, James Spader In the 1870s this innovation revolutionized ranching & made John W. Gates a millionaire John Steinbeck was born February 27, 1902 in this state, the setting of many of his tales Last name of 19th century brothers James & John; it's been paired with Row &, now, with Collins First the Bible, then this John Bunyan book, became earliest best sellers in America John Dalton did the 1st paper on this condition, some say after being told his brown coat was bright scarlet John B. Anderson Elton John: "____ And The Jets" Polk sent John Slidell to offer this country about 30 million bucks for some territory, but he was rebuffed 2009:  Skynet fighter John Connor 2009:  Public enemy John Dillinger In 1779 John Paul Jones defeated the Serapis but lost this ship, named in honor of Ben Franklin Painter John F. Kensett helped found it in the 1870s & his works launched its American Paintings Collection John Winthrop, who landed in the Americas in 1630, was elected governor of this colony 12 times John Smith, hurt in an explosion, was ousted from his leadership of this settlement & sailed back to England Your cousin might know a friend of the roommate of a nephew of the lawyer of John Guare, who wrote this 1990 play In 1880 John Philip Sousa became the leader of this military band John C. Calhoun was so pro-this he was called "The Napoleon of" it In this state's 1998 election, John Engler pulled the plug on the gubernatorial hopes of Jack Kevorkian's lawyer John Cranko choreographed a ballet called "Harlequin in" this month--no fooling On "Ally McBeal", John Cage is nicknamed this, a Southern roll often made with buttermilk Middle initial of John Public, or of sixth president John Adams In 1935 John Buchan became Lord Tweedsmuir & his novel "The Thirty-Nine Steps" was filmed by this director John Paxson clinched the title for the Bulls in 1993 with one of these shots instituted in the 1979-'80 season In this film Debra Winger gets to have a fling with John Lithgow before she dies Gaby Hoffmann & Macaulay Culkin play niece & nephew to John Candy in this 1989 comedy In 1995 John Simon said this Julie Andrews vehicle "may be the best unmusical musical you are ever going to see" John & Helen Koop's son held this U.S. government post from 1982 to 1989 John Ratzenberger went postal as this character on "Cheers" This quartet included Leslie Maguire, John Chadwick, & brothers Gerry & Freddie Marsden Amount Michael Anthony gave out each week on behalf of John Beresford Tipton Site where John Hancock signed his "John Hancock" John Keats ode containing the line, "Thou was not born for death, immortal bird" (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-11-06_DJ_18.jpg" target="_blank">Ken Burns reads.</a>)  In 1859 Robert E. Lee was called upon to lead a force of Marines to end John Brown's raid on the <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-11-06_DJ_18a.jpg" target="_blank">arsenal</a> at <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-11-06_DJ_18b.jpg" target="_blank">this</a> site This settlement's economy grew after John Rolfe found that tobacco could be successfully grown there The L.A. Times called this "original party animal" "a canine cross between Bruce Willis & John Belushi" Union soldier John McTammany was on a roll when he invented this honky-tonk musical instrument On March 15, 1875 archbishop John McCloskey became America's first cardinal; he was invested at this NYC church An odd subject for an opera, but composer John Adams wrote one about this president's 1972 trip to China A savage named John has educated himself by reading Shakespeare in this futuristic novel by Aldous Huxley In John 6:70, Jesus says of him, "Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil?" Future director Raoul Walsh played John Wilkes Booth in this 1915 D.W. Griffith film In Manhattan's Trinity Cemetery, you can visit John J. Audubon as well as this "Visit From St. Nick" poet Flashy journal of cyberspace that shares its name with a biography of John Belushi John Glover & his marines, using borrowed boats rowed troops across this river on Christmas, 1776 Financier John Pierpont... John Galsworthy's 1906 work "The Man of Property" was the first in this series of novels In 1776 John Adams rebutted this pamphlet with his own "Thoughts on Government" The first to win this Patriots' Day event was John McDermott in 1897 In the title of John Barth's 1966 novel, George Giles is not a sheep-boy, but this Bonnie,  Sir John, Aretha "John Brown's Republic" John Paul Stevens went to the U. of C. & later lectured there on this subject St. John & St. Thomas <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2007-10-08_J_27.jpg" target="_blank">Here</a>, this is being done to new Chief Justice John Roberts who may get to do it to a president someday Born in Canton, China in 1917, he designed Boston's John Hancock Tower John Grisham meets Noel Coward as a law student & a reporter find each other for a short time The first mention of her in British colonial records was in John Smith's "True Relations" A 1975 thriller: Steven Spielberg, John Williams Artis Gilmore, John Garner, Horace Grant Of Rye, White or Pumpernickel, it's the city where chief justice John Jay is buried This daughter of director John made her own directing debut with the TV movie "Bastard Out of Carolina" Naturalist John Muir was the first president of this environmentally friendly "Club" John Hanning Speke & this fellow Brit had a long-running feud as to the real source of the Nile This British lexicographer called John Dryden "The Father of English Criticism" Churchill was descended from John Churchill, the first Duke of this Philander C. Knox, Daniel Webster & John Foster Dulles have all held this federal post John Updike's 2nd book about Harry Angstrom, a.k.a. "Rabbit" John died in October 1216, probably still stewing over this document he'd agreed to 16 months before John outlawed Eustace the monk but had nothing to do with this fabled outlaw who's portrayed as his adversary When young John was lord of this island, he & his buddies rudely laughed at the beards of local chieftains As he controlled no territory in his youth, John was known as John "Lack-" this His new album is called "Mr. Jordan", but he's Mr. Lennon, John's son If you find John maddening his partner, this ex-placekicker, may calm you down After a 1614 voyage along America's northeast coast, John Smith gave the area this name, which is still used This 2005 memoir by Joan Didion was naturally "for John and for Quintana", her husband & her daughter It's the "noble" stage name of John Joseph Ryan, who starred on "Hawaii Five-O" She gave the head of St. John the Baptist to her mother, Herodias John Wilkes Booth called out this motto of Virginia after assassinating Lincoln John Belushi's alter ego Joliet Jake Blues served time in this state's Joliet Pen John Malkovich trains the Triple Crown-winning title star in this animal biopic Named after navigator John & not his son Sebastian, this strait joins the Atlantic to the St. Lawrence Gulf "John Hughes lets the (5) kids challenge, taunt and confront each other as if this (film was) 'Twelve Angry Men' " The main goal of Paul Revere's ride was to warn John Hancock & this patriot that the British were out to capture them This John Reed title refers to the period following Nov. 7, 1917, when the Bolsheviks seized power John Donne poem that's "rolling, rolling, rolling on the river" Also called the order of St. John of Jerusalem, it was founded to give health care & protection to Christians (1978) Olivia Newton-John: "The cameraman?" This "Dr. Quinn" star's twins John & Kristopher are named in part for Christopher Reeve & Johnny Cash John Candy gets the third degree from his nephew, played by Macaulay Culkin, in this 1989 film John McPhee became a staff writer on this magazine in 1965 Emmett Kelly & John Ringling North played themselves in this DeMille epic, the best picture of 1952 Girls' No. 7: de Havilland, Newton-John (I really can't think of another Newton-John, can you?) He chose John Nance Garner in 1932 & 1936 In the 1970s windows kept falling out of this city's new John Hancock Tower John Honeyman's spying helped take this city in 1776; a plaque in Washington Crossing State Park honors him He directed his good friend John Wayne in many films; the last was "Donovan's Reef", in 1963 Under the auspices of the Marquess of Queensberry, John Graham Chambers drew up the rules for this sport This highway extends almost 5,000 miles from St. John's, Newfoundland to Victoria, British Columbia, eh 1988: John Cusack & 1989: Ray Liotta (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2003-07-02_J_11.jpg" target="_blank">I'm NFL quarterback Jeff Garcia.</a>)  In 2000 I became the fourth 49er to throw for 30 TDs in a season, after John Brodie & these 2 other fairly decent passers This 1969 western ends with John Wayne telling Kim Darby, "Well, come see a fat old man sometime!" He retired in 1998, passing on his lordship of the dance to John Carey In 1999 this state acquired the rights to use John Denver's "Take Me Home, Country Roads" to promote tourism 19th century "Birds of America" illustrator & naturalist John James... The motto of Johns Hopkins U., from John's gospel, is "Veritas vos liberabit", this "shall make you free" An offshoot of the Salem colony, this city was founded on September 17, 1630 by John Winthrop & others In John Paul Jones' most famous 7-word quote of September 23, 1779 John Reilly played Sean Donely, the police commissioner of Port Charles with a shady past, on this ABC show On a 1616 trip to England, she had a touching reunion with John Smith AKA the "Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure", this 1749 John Cleland work has been frequently suppressed John Gast's 1872 <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2011-09-28_DJ_26.jpg" target="_blank">"American Progress"</a> is an allegorical depiction of "manifest" <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2011-09-28_DJ_26a.jpg" target="_blank">this</a> "Sweet Thursday" is John Steinbeck's sequel to this novel Trying to take Castile, Portugal's Ferdinand II aligned himself with the Duke of Lancaster, John of this 3 actors got 1982 nominations for acting in drag: Dustin Hoffman, Julie Andrews & this film's John Lithgow A rare male victim of breast cancer, this actor who played John Shaft in 1971 gave the disease the "shaft" As John Nash in this movie, Russell Crowe does quite a bit of talking to people who don't exist Det. John Kelly, Det. Bobby Simone, Det. Danny Sorenson St. John's, Newfoundland has Signal Hill; this state capital is home to Beacon Hill <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2007-10-25_J_19.mp3">In 1814 this gen. had a pirate, Jean Laffite, help him in N.O.; what's next?  I'm John Q. Adams & I approved this message</a> Baltimore reporter John Sherman won a Peabody for investigating pollution in this bay In 1629 Captain John Mason named it for his home county in England John Grimes is a Harlem youth who has a tough time finding his black identity in this James Baldwin work Cary Grant played retired cat burglar John Robie in this Hitchcock film From 1959 to 1963 John Smith & Robert Fuller starred in this western set in Laramie, Wyoming John Milton's epic poem about a heavenly place to seek out your misplaced belongings Hit Broadway musical starring the grotesquely deformed John Merrick as Don Quixote John Kenneth Galbraith is the Paul M. Warburg professor emeritus of this at Harvard He advanced his behaviorist view as a Johns Hopkins psych prof from 1908 to 1920 When he lived in Glendale, California as a young boy, John Wayne's family had an airedale named this Her first husband John Todd & their infant son died during a yellow fever epidemic in 1793 In 1903 John Singer Sargent painted his presidential mustache seen here In a 1947 novelette by John Steinbeck, a diver named Kino finds the valuable title object to pay his child's doctor bill The supergroup Them Crooked Vultures has Alain Johannes, Josh Homme, John Paul Jones & this Foo Fighters frontman She dropped out of Sarah Lawrence College in 1957 & married John Lennon in 1969 John Lennon appeared on the cover of this publication's premiere issue November 9, 1967 After this April 1775 battle John Adams said, "The die was cast, the Rubicon passed" In 1995 John Gray moved these 2 planets into "the bedroom" Elton John & Tim Rice found this term for "no worries" in a Swahili phrase book & wrote a song about it John Travolta was the perfect candidate for this 1998 movie based on a book by "Anonymous" It's Salem, 1692 & we're having a witch hunt to cast John & Elizabeth Proctor & Abigail Williams in this Arthur Miller play Popularized by Horace Greeley, this 4-word phrase is often credited to an 1851 editorial by John Soule Elton John wrote the music for this Broadway show in which a working-class British lad dreams of being a ballet dancer Zach Braff plays medical intern John "J.D." Dorian on this NBC sitcom 1997 film in which unemployed steel workers take it all off & form a comedy troupe with Eric Idle & John Cleese For this 1980 album, John Lennon & Yoko Ono each contributed 7 songs It completes the title of Elton John's 1975 album "Captain Fantastic &..." In the 1960s John Carl Warnecke redesigned this city's Lafeyette Square to include 2 new government buildings John Dr. John B. Watson originated this school of psychology, influencing B.F. Skinner The first known use of this word is a 1763 entry in John Adams' diary describing a club meeting in a friend's attic Named for the director who filmed there, John Ford's Point is in this Utah valley known for its red sandstone buttes You could say John C. Reilly butchered the role in the 2002 musical based on this Ernest Borgnine film Title of Sylvia Nasar's tale of "The Life of Mathematical Genius and Nobel Laureate John Nash" In 1924 England's John Harwood patented a watch that could do this to itself thanks to an internal swinging weight Stephen F. Austin, John H. Rogers & John Coffee Hayes are Lone Star lawmen in this group's hall John Tukey coined this compound word in 1958 saying it was as important as "tubes, transistors, wires, tapes..." 1905: Herod & Jokanaan (aka John the Baptist) Mother to Anna, James, Elliott, John & Franklin: ER For athlete's foot, boom! John Madden recommends "tough actin'" this; boom! John Cleese played this letter-perfect role in "Die Another Day" John Kay's flying shuttle, a device used in this craft, was an important step toward automating the process Paul O'Neill, John Snow, Henry Paulson, Jr. John Coltrane John Jay Shipherd, Charles Tufts & Matthew Vassar all helped found this type of institution John C. Calhoun's middle initial stood for this name Such diverse personalities as Isadora Duncan & Eugene Debs enliven this John Dos Passos trilogy Among the parks in this Costa Rican capital are Morazan Park, Bolivar Park & John. F. Kennedy Park In 1998 this Scorpio married a Leo, John Stamos Around 1840 chemist John William Draper took the first photograph of this heavenly body 1948: Johns Hopkins scientists find that this antihistamine alleviates motion sickness This folk-rocker didn't do the show when CBS refused to let him sing "Talking John Birch Society Blues" The first transatlantic wireless message was received in 1901 at Signal Hill near St. John's in this province John H. Breck was largely responsible for bringing this liquid into American showers A tribute album to this late singer includes Elton John singing "Stand By Your Man" This city was laid out in the late 1840s on property once owned by John Sutter The Peace of Paris was signed in 1783 by Ben Franklin, John Adams & this future first chief justice John Grisham's 1st book to make it to the screen, it "cruised" its way into the top 10 films of 1993 In works by John Milton, this was "Lost" in 1667 but "Regained" in 1671 To see John Lennon's Sgt. Pepper costume, head to this Ohio establishment John Patrick's post-WWII comedy was this "of the August Moon" Who can resist John Krasinski as prankster Jim Halpert on this sitcom? John Brown captured the arsenal at Harpers Ferry This New Zealand-born woman directed 2009's "Bright Star", about poet John Keats The last John alphabetically by last name John Quincy Adams called this, which his father signed, "a light of salvation and redemption to the oppressed" John Adams, 1796 On April 14, 1981 this shuttle commanded by John Young was the first manned U.S. spacecraft to land on land The Beatles we are all familiar with were John, Paul, George & the man born with this name Earl Butz, John Mitchell, Henry Kissinger It's drama at Dulles International in this second John McClane adventure John Lithgow was the terrified passenger in the "Twilight Zone" movie's remake of this classic episode Pope John Paul II's poem "Easter Vigil 1966" was first published in this, his native language John Candy played this loud & crude slacker relative of Macaulay Culkin in a 1989 film Nick Hornby novels made into films include "About a Boy" & this one in which John Cusack ran a record store John Constable deprecatingly called the work of this other Brit "airy visions, painted with tinted steam" It was named after John MacAdam, who promoted its cultivation in Australia His parents were Jane & John Clemens This John D. MacDonald shamus living in the Fort Lauderdale Marina considers himself to be a "salvage consultant" Author John Irving has a cameo in it as a wrestling referee Prime Minister John Howard This American writer drew upon his experiences as a hobo in books like "John Barleycorn" & "Martin Eden" John Glenn's capsule on his famous 1962 flight was called this, which an old saying called the "best ship" John Adams John Patrick: "The Teahouse..." John Gray's "planetary" relationship book that won tennis' U.S. Open in 2001 In October 1967 John Lennon sponsored an exhibit of her work at the Lisson Art Gallery John Paul II's first foreign papal trip took him to the shrine of the Virgin of Guadalupe in this country John Paul II is the first pope known to have entered a mosque (in Damascus) & also one of these (the great one of Rome) Captain John Sheridan & ambassadors from all over the galaxy work at this space station John Belushi & his frat brothers throw a wild toga party in this film, a campus comedy classic When John Jay quit, John Rutledge failed to win confirmation as Chief Justice for this president Both General John Hunt Morgan & Captain William Quantrill led groups of men who carried this nickname In a 1963 address, John F. Kennedy took pride in uttering this 4-word phrase This orator served as Secretary of State under William Henry Harrison & John Tyler Pope Paul VI, Pope Pius XII, Pope John XXIII John T. Dorrance, a chemist who studied cooking in Paris, developed the first canned soups for this brand This Asian-born architect designed Boston's John Hancock Tower In parish names this word precedes John the Baptist & Martin Although he won the popular & electoral votes in 1824, the House chose John Quincy Adams as president Wayne Rogers left this show after a contract dispute; his character Trapper John got discharged & went home His first proclamation as president was to declare a national day of mourning for John F. Kennedy The handwritten lyrics to this John Lennon song, possibly inspired by a Lewis Carroll poem, sold in 1999 for $129,000 If Michelle & John Phillips' daughter wed screenwriter Robert, she'd have this name, like his 1974 Oscar-winning screenplay No "doubt", John 20:24 notes this disciple was absent when Jesus appeared to the others after his resurrection She married John Lloyd in 1979 & went by his name when she won Wimbledon in 1981 An updated 1996 version of this playwright's "Tartuffe" starred John Glover as a TV evangelist In 1522 this Ottoman ruler repelled the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem from Rhodes John Milton's 1671 sequel never gained the reputation of this 1667 epic At cambridge, this "Lord" of poetry became a lifelong friend of John Cam Hobhouse, who later went to Greece with him This presidential first name was originally used as a given name to honor Protestant reformer John The verdict in the 1982 trial of John Hinckley Jr. for attempting to murder the president In John Marshall's day, this highest judicial body met in the basement of the Capitol Attempts to find the ill-fated 1840s expedition of Sir John Franklin proved the existence of this sea route Longtime TV island-dweller Bob, or longtime singer & Rocky-Mountain dweller John When John Quincy passed the bar in 1790, his father had this job John Malkovich was Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom, the leader of a group of criminals who hijack a plane in this 1997 thriller John refused to attend the presidential inauguration of this man, his successor This man, "The Great John L.", won the last bare-knuckle heavyweight title fight, a 75-rounder Sen. John McCain The A-bomb test site was named this, after the John Donne poem "Batter My Heart, Three-Personed God" In 1892 this gentleman knocked out John L. Sullivan to become the new heavyweight champion In a nursery rhyme about "My Son John", it precedes "dumpling" On TV John Haymes Newton & Gerard Christopher played this hero, a college lad Benjamin, Sir John, Aretha Animators Bill Hanna & Joe Barbera had bit roles in this 1994 John Goodman film In this 1969 film Robert Duvall told John Wayne, "I call that bold talk for a one-eyed fat man" John, Paul, George & Ringo Poet John Donne compared his mistress' body to this Canadian province John Wilkes Booth, Junius Booth, Edwin Booth, Shirley Booth The CIA arranges a presidential pardon for mover & shaker Joel Backman in this John Grisham tale Born John Lydon, he punked his way onto the music scene with the Sex Pistols in 1975 Old Bailey legal eagle who's been the subject of many a John Mortimer tale Bigfoot went domestic in this 1987 comedy with John Lithgow Rosco, belonging to John Grady Cole, is one of "All the" these in a novel by Cormac McCarthy John Adams at the Boston Massacre trials: these "are stubborn things" Long's vitriolic 1920s attacks on this oil co. started by John D. Rockefeller won him widespread popularity On "SNL" John Goodman played this audiotaping Clinton-era woman; in 2008 she was selling Xmas ornaments John Beresford was a billionaire who made someone this each week This rocker was never exactly asked whether he wanted to be renamed John Cougar John Lange & Jeffery Hudson are some of the pen names this "Andromeda Strain" author has used Robby Krieger, Ray Manzarek, John Densmore & Jim Morrison Regarding the attacks on his son: "If Barbara gets her hands on John Kerry, he might get another purple heart" Of Maine, a distant relative of bestselling thriller author David, he's John... 1977: John Travolta strikes a pose & points his finger to the sky In 1873 Canadian PM John A. MacDonald was accused of corruption in giving the contract to build this to the Pacific Physicist John Wheeler compared possible passages through space & time to the work of this creature John Irving adapted his own novel into this 1999 film in which orphan Tobey Maguire works in an apple orchard John Smith was among the early members on the Council of Seven that governed this Virginia colony An atmospheric condition hides dead sailors seeking revenge in this John Carpenter film A recent show of her works at the Whitney Museum included bronzes of her art made before she was Mrs. John Lennon "Witching Times" is John De Forest's novel about this city's witchcraft trials A 19th century novel by John Esten Cooke enhanced the legend of this playful daughter of Powhatan Elton John's song "Philadelphia Freedom" was a tribute to this tennis star & her team John T. Dorrance, an early president of this company, invented canned condensed soup At Wimbledon in 1976, John Feaver set a record with 42 of these against John Newcombe but lost In the mid-1800s, John Gorrie invented one of these "conditioners" for hospital rooms In the second column from the right, sixth down, John Witherspoon's signature can be seen on this John Gregory Dunne's '89 memoir, "Harp", details his search for his ancestral roots in this country John J. Pershing, commander of the AEF during WWI, had this rhyming nickname Bermuda Rolfe, daughter of John Rolfe of Va., was the 1st English girl born on this island John S. Pemberton's "brain tonic" 1st introduced that year at an Atlanta drugstore John Singer Sargent reportedly said, "Every time I paint" this type of work, "I lose a friend" Rob Lowe & Jodie Foster starred in this 1984 movie based on a John Irving novel Greta Garbo & John Barrymore are 2 of the guests in this 1932 movie blockbuster John Logan, a volunteer who rose to Union general, helped establish this observance to honor war dead XXXIII: John Elway On June 17, 1957 John Diefenbaker became prime minister of this country John Hughes was a writer & editor for this humor magazine whose name appears in 4 of his movie titles John Candy looks after his brother's kids for a few days in this 1989 comedy Setters & water spaniels were crossed with the St. John's Newfoundland, creating these "golden" dogs Head down Front Street & not far from the corner of John Street is the CN Tower--you can't miss it, you really can't In November 1620 John Carver was elected the first governor of this colony In 1612 John Rolfe introduced a new type of Trinidad tobacco to this settlement John Hersey wrote about 6 survivors of an August 6, 1945 explosion in this title city This president adopted John Parke Custis & Martha Parke Custis It's the last decade in which there wasn't a pope with John or Paul in his name A 1982 Elton John song says "Baby's got" these, the song's title, "holding back the tears" The 1875 novel "Honest John Vane" satirizes the administration of this general-turned-president After taking up with John Lennon, she became known as "The Woman Who Broke Up the Beatles" In addition to cultivating Pocahontas, John Rolfe learned to cultivate this cash crop from the Indians This woman for whom the Tony Awards are named was a descendant of Mayflower Pilgrim John Howland David Lynch directed this 1980 tale about John Merrick In 1966 this ex-wife of Laurence Olivier appeared on Broadway for the last time, as John Gielgud's wife in "Ivanov" This carver of Mt. Rushmore also sculpted the apostles outside NYC's cathedral of St. John the Divine Sylvia Nasar's biography of mathematical genius & Nobel laureate John Nash Singer Michael & U.N. Ambassador John John Ritter stars in a series based on the book this many "Simple Rules for Dating my Teenage Daughter" Future president John F. Kennedy Delegates at the 2004 Republican National Convention waved this hyphenated footwear to mock John Kerry In 1997 Elton John reworked this Marilyn Monroe tribute as a farewell to Princess Diana Lisa is the computer-generated woman in the USA series based on this John Hughes film In the 1760s mapmaker John Spilsbury invented this, which must be fit together Byzantine Emperor John V Palaeologus so drained the Treasury with was he was arrested in Venice for this Steve Martin & John Candy use these title modes of transportation to try to get home for Thanksgiving John Gray's books include this planetary pair "Starting Over" & "in the Bedroom" John Lennon was among the fans of this influential radio show starring Peter Sellers & Spike Milligan It's the year in which a would-be assassin wounded John Paul II & a would-be assassin wounded Ronald Reagan Then-president John F. Kennedy chose this actor to play him in the 1963 film "PT 109" In a 1904 play, she & her brothers Michael & John get sprinkled with pixie dust & fly off into the night In 1967 John Lennon appeared on the cover of the first issue of this music magazine John Philip's tuba              (10) The first to hold this lifetime appointment in England was John Dryden in 1668 This heavy metal band included 2 Johns: drummer John "Bonzo" Bonham & bassist John Paul Jones Junius & his boys  Edwin & John It was an accident with this substance that caused John Smith to go back to England in 1609 Catsuited cutie cavorting with John Steed on "The Avengers" A punny promo for "Superman Returns" saw Papa John's offer free pies to those living on any street named this Ornithological title name of a prison in a John Cheever novel In 1998 he brought back ex-Navy Seal & former CIA agent John Clark in the techno-thriller "Rainbow Six" This John Grisham bestseller about corruption in the insurance business was turned into a 1997 film John Hanning Speke accompanied him twice on explorations into Africa's interior, reaching Lake Tanganyika Among these outlaw brothers, Bob & John were less notorious than Cole & Jim, their elders L. Patrick Gray, acting director of this bureau, supplied Watergate files to Nixon counsel John Dean Found just north of Venezuela, this Caribbean nation's capital is St. John's In 1897 this one-time patient of John Kellogg introduced his dry breakfast cereal Grape-Nuts Robert De Niro, John Savage & Christopher Walken become the quarry in this film about the Vietnam War Think about it...this city was first settled by John Harris around 1718 Last name of representative John or columnist Jack, who covered the Watergate scandal Poet John Donne was first to write "No man is" this This city's Golden Gate Park was built on sand dunes in the late 19th century by architect John McLaren John Milton Convict priest John Geoghan was kept in this, abbreviated PC, but was killed by another inmate in PC First name of John Wayne's character Cogburn John Adams appointed this John chief justice In 1997 Pope John Paul II called this late nun "The unforgettable mother of the poor" In 1909 John Mitchell reportedly organized the first American troop of these boys, in Pawhuska Under most No. 1 hits by a writer, Billboard lists this Beatle 1st with John Lennon 2nd Perhaps thinking it sounded a bit cheesy, John Cheese's dad changed 1 letter in his name, so John is this John XXIII must have had lots of "spare" time, as he had one of these recreational areas installed in the Vatican The end of this John Carpenter South Pole-set film finds Keith David & Kurt Russell shivering & paranoid It was partly at the suggestion of fellow writer John Dos Passos that he moved to Key West, Florida in 1928 John Travolta voiced the title canine in this 2008 family film John Tyson started taking these from Arkansas north for better prices & the rest is agribusiness With the success of this book about Chili Palmer & the John Travolta film, Elmore's thinking sequel John Gavin was signed to play him in "Diamonds Are Forever", but then Sean Connery was lured back In 1980 David Bowie made his Broadway debut playing John Merrick in this drama (Hi, I'm Drake Hogestyn)  You can meet me as John Black on "Days of our Lives" & you may have "met" this actor as Joe Black in a '98 film John Turner's turn as this country's PM lasted a few months in 1984 In 1784 John Filson wrote an exciting bio of this pioneer to get people interested in buying land out west in Kentucky John Tukey coined the word "software" & this term for which AT&T was considering "binit" or "bigit" Named for John Chapman, this award is given to pioneers in agriculture The musical "1776" includes the song "Sit Down, John", addressed to this gabby guy from Massachusetts A 2006 photo shows politician John Howard next to a man wearing a T-shirt with this motto; the arrow points to Howard This Shelley poem is subtitled "An Elegy on the Death of John Keats" Take a tour of St. John's Church Cemetery, where Eliza, this relative of Poe's, is buried, led by an actress portraying her Tarzan is the son of John & Alice Clayton, Lord & Lady this John played a Miami mobster who wanted to make movies in this 1995 film John was a real "knockout" in the movie seen here: John Steinbeck wrote the preface of a book about this Al Capp character The Lady Chablis, a Savannah drag queen, played herself in this John Cusack film based on a bestseller Edward Kennedy, John Kerry Tradition says it cracked in 1835 while tolling the death of John Marshall Charles Robb, John Warner In 1848 this educator became a congressman for Mass., filling a vacancy caused by John Quincy Adams' death (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2007-09-28_J_30.jpg" target="_blank">Morgan gives the last clue.</a>) John Quincy Adams & Martin Van Buren were characters in this 1997 film in which I starred with Djimon Hounsou 1968: John Wayne leads a Special Forces unit John Quincy Adams & then Henry Clay Advice of John Soule later picked up by Horace Greeley In 1774 John Adams said, "I have passed" this Italian river; "swim or sink, live or die, survive or perish with my country" A submarine launched by John P. Holland in the 1800s can be seen at the Paterson Museum in this state Theoretical physicist John Dalton stated firmly in 1803, "Thou knowest no man can split" one of these "Half of what I say is meaningless", John Lennon sang on "Julia", which bears the name of this woman in his life "The Book" gift shop in Savannah, Georgia offers souvenirs associated with this John Berendt bestseller "Hold the execution.  John Coffey's been found innocent.  He is a free man." "Phew.  That was close" Lt. John Dunbar, Stands With A Fist, Kicking Bird The same night Abraham Lincoln was assassinated, this Secretary of State was wounded by an accomplice of John Wilkes Booth Until his nomination was rejected, John Rutledge briefly succeeded this first chief justice Freddy Martin, Boots Randolph & John Coltrane He got a life sentence for treating John Wilkes Booth in 1865 but was pardoned before the decade ended <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-05-24_J_08.jpg" target="_blank">His</a> photograph subjects include John Quincy Adams, Zachary Taylor, and Jefferson Davis John Wayne made his TV acting debut in 1955 when Lucy stole his footprints from this locale Confederate General John C. Breckinridge previously held this U.S. office under Pres. Buchanan At the same time that John Foster Dulles was Secretary of State, his brother Allen headed this agency The tagline to this 1996 John Travolta film was "He's an angel... not a saint" In the last week of the John Tyler administration, this republic was offered statehood On Dec. 10, 2007 surviving members Robert Plant, John Paul Jones & Jimmy Page of this band reunited in London Besides James & John, more U.S. presidents have had this first name than any other In the 18th century John Michell theorized that gravitation could affect the path of this Once captured by John Smith, this Pawtuxet taught colonists Indian methods of planting & fertilizing corn In 1776 she wrote to husband John, "Remember the ladies, and be more generous....to them than your ancestors" John Tower, 1989 In 1755 John Finley tempted this young wagoneer with tales of Kentucky lands he'd seen In "Peter Pan", it's the last name of siblings Wendy, John & Michael After signing the Mayflower Compact in 1620, John Carver became the first governor of this colony At a June 1995 auction, the white suit John Travolta wore in this film sold for $145,500 John Harrington was flush with success in the 1590s with his invention of one of these that flushed In 1590 a storm forced Gov. John White to abandon his search for members of this colony, who were never seen again John has 30 Playboy magazines under his desk & this many National Geographics, 30% as many, on top By 1845, with John Young & J.L. Ellis, this NYC jeweler switched from selling paste jewels to real Martin Van Buren, William Henry Harrison & John Tyler were these number presidents John Scott Harrison, an Indiana farmer, was the only man in U.S. history who was this Part of Albrecht Durer's etching, "Four Witches", appeared on the jacket of this John Updike novel In the late 1830s John Deere introduced one of these made of steel John de Lancie played this being who tormented the crew of the Enterprise on "Star Trek: The Next Generation" When asked to surrender, naval hero John Paul Jones supposedly quipped, "I have not yet begun to" do this This city's harbor was discovered in 1839 by John Stokes, surveyor aboard the HMS Beagle This -ism named for Protestant reformer John is associated with the values of thrift & labor "T.P.O.T.W.W." by John Millington Synge (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2005-05-11_J_04.jpg" target="_blank">Hi, I'm John McCain.</a>)  In 1912 this president proclaimed Arizona a state after forcing it to remove recall of judges from its constitution Saying based on a quote by John Bradford on seeing criminals led to their execution John F. Kennedy's maternal grandfather sported this "sweet" nickname "T.P.P. " by John Bunyan John Brown made his most famous raid while this man was president It's the university where you'll find the John F. Kennedy School of Government In 1960's "The Alamo", John Wayne played this king of the wild frontier It's the type of transport in the title of John Wayne's 1939 breakout film This 1969 film earned John Wayne an Oscar; must have been the eye patch John Wayne introduced the first episode of this long-running TV western in 1955 A sort of western "Mutiny on the Bounty", this "colorful" 1948 film starred John Wayne & Monty Clift He took the title of his "For Whom The Bell Tolls" from a work by John Donne John played obsessed Indian hunter Ethan Edwards in this acclaimed 1956 film Ray Romano, John Leguizamo & Denis Leary voiced the “sub-zero heroes” in this 2002 flick In 1865 this man set John Wilkes Booth’s broken leg In November 2000, Pope John Paul II proclaimed this 16th century Englishman as the patron saint of politicians Anna Sage, who set up John Dillinger, is known to history as this "Lady" The John F. Kennedy National Historic Site, JFK's birthplace, is in Brookline, a suburb of this city There is a John F. Kennedy prep school in this world capital where JFK made a famous visit in 1963 In 2000 he reprised his role as John Shaft, this time playing Samuel L. Jackson's uncle It's like this, see, Bogie brightened this dark John Huston-directed film which premiered October 3 Popes: Benedict III, John Paul I, Pius XII John Guare reached out & touched us all with this play about the connectedness of all people It's the indirect object in "John gave Mary a kiss." Hawkeye & Trapper John shared a tent called The Swamp on this sitcom John Kerry served on this type of vessel, which became a verb meaning to attack a candidate's credibility For General John Bell Hood this war cost him an arm & a leg (literally) at Gettysburg & Chickamauga John Densmore rode out many a storm as this band's drummer This man's name is on the can, but it was John Dorrance who developed condensed soup for his company Born in 1898, this Bethlehem, PA. native's works include "John Brown's Body" & "The Devil and Daniel Webster" Still on active astronaut status, John Young, 69, works at this NASA site in Houston David John Moore Cornwell John Lloyd & Greg Norman It's Jerusalem to Isaiah, a peaceful "land" to John Bunyan, & a small "ville" in North Carolina Abigail, John Q., Charles John, Calvin Abraham, Martin, John Brett Favre or John Elway plus knapsack 1 of the 3 things which, according to John Fremont's 1856 G.O.P. campaign, should be free Attributed to the apostle John, this prophetic work is the last book of the New Testament James Lovell, Jr., Fred Haise, Jr. & John (Jack) Swigert, Jr. took off on this ill-fated flight April 11, 1970 Lorenzo Ghiberti created doors for the Baptistry of St. John; the luminous result was named this by Michelangelo John, David, Keith, Robert Lionel, Ethel, John, Drew Edwin,  Junius, John Wilkes Attorney General John Ashcroft is a prominent member of the Assemblies of God, part of this revivalist movement It's a highly collectible "Gal-Leg" pair of these, made by John Robert McChesney around 1900--giddyup! This nursery rhyme heroine may have been a veiled reference to Mary, Queen of Scots & the "spider", to John Knox The book of Matthew, Mark, Luke or John John Birks Gillespie John Wooden (1949-1975) When this coin was redesigned in 1946, anticommunists alleged engraver John Sinnock's initials stood for "Joseph Stalin" John Mason Brown's famous definition of this is "chewing gum for the eyes" John Ford, son of immigrants from this country, directed 1952's "The Quiet Man", which was set there John Adams' "Thoughts on Government" claimed this title quality was sadly lacking in Tom Paine's pamphlet Like his brother John, he performed with Second City & was a regular on "Saturday Night Live" A clinic at Johns Hopkins hospital is named for this financier who had a penchant for sparkling jewelry Sir John Buchan wrote the adventure thriller "The 39 Steps" before becoming governor-general of this country With age, John Paul II modified this custom; on arriving in South Africa in 1994, he was handed a basket of earth According to John's gospel, she was the first person to notice Jesus' empty tomb Of John Gielgud, Henry Irving or Laurence Olivier, the first English actor to be knighted In Mark 1: Got baptized by (who else?) John the Baptist in this river Jasper Johns,  Julia Roberts,  Rosalynn Carter Entertainment Weekly called this John Travolta-Lisa Kudrow flick "A Lotto Malarkey" John Speke was the first European to reach this lake and identify it as the source of the Nile Reruns of this sitcom with John Stamos as uncle Jesse & the very young Olsen twins as Michelle Tanner John J. Audubon never made it to California; he painted <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2011-11-07_DJ_27.jpg" target="_blank">this</a><a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2011-11-07_DJ_27a.jpg" target="_blank">vulture</a> species from a dead specimen John Jay's <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2011-11-07_DJ_28.jpg" target="_blank">"In Relation to Foreign Nations"</a> is one of just four extant <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2011-11-07_DJ_28a.jpg" target="_blank">manuscripts</a> in the series known as these "Papers" Country represented by 1976 champion figure skater John Curry Though unable to navigate its full length, in 1846 Sir John Franklin found this long-sought route John H. Johnson founded Ebony in 1945, Tan in 1950 & this magazine in 1951 In a John Updike title, he "Is Back" John Kerry & Edward Kennedy Johns Hopkins operates this orbiting observatory for NASA "Dark" nickname shared by Jackie Onassis' father, John Bouvier, & General Pershing John Adams was a defense attorney for patriots like John Hancock, & for British troops accused in this 1770 skirmish John Dunstable was a 15th century composer; John Constable was a 19th century one of these In 1954 John Landy became the 1st Australian & the 2nd person in the world to break this mark; Roger Bannister was 1st Given its current name by John Wesley Powell, it was called Kaibab, or "mountain lying down" by the Paiutes This John Bunyan work inspired the one-act opera "The Shepherds Of The Delectable Mountains" She married Harvard teacher John Macy on condition that Helen came first in their household Pavement inventor John McAdam was nicknamed the "Colossus of" these (& spell it so we know what you mean) John Oates' blond partner The "charger" Salome wanted as part of the presentation of John the Baptist's head is one of these In August 1779 naval hero John Paul Jones took command of the ship Duras, which he renamed this In 1919 Alcock & Brown made the first nonstop transatlantic flight: St. John's in this province to Ireland In a 1954 experiment John Stapp accelerated to 632 mph in 5 seconds, surviving 46 of these units She could title her autobiography "I Married a Sweathog" as she is Mrs. John Travolta His father, John, was in "The Grapes of Wrath" & his daughter is actress Martha Plimpton "Hey", this book comes between third John & Revelation John Arthur Carradine, who was "Bound for Glory" John Fitch built a mechanically successful one of these almost 20 years before Fulton Reviewing her "Fear oF Flying" in 1973, John Updike said it had "class & sass, brightness & bite" 1990-91: John Paxson, Horace Grant, Scottie Pippen...I feel like we're leaving someone out John XXIII's bull of December 25, 1961 summoned the second of these In the 1880s John McTammany, Jr. received several patents for this type of piano The first translation of this book printed in America was John Eliot's 1661-63 Algonquian one In a 1794 paper John Dalton gave the first description of this optical condition In 1981 John McEnroe found resistance wasn't futile & snapped this Swede's 5-year Wimbledon win streak John T. Scopes was the subject of it Sir John Everett Millais captured the madness of this tragic character seen <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-12-14_DJ_09.jpg" target="_blank">here</a> The doctrine might have been issued jointly with Britain but for opposition from John Quincy Adams in this post In 1997 Elton John recorded a new version of this song as a tribute to Princess Diana An Elton John hit says, "While the other kids were rocking 'round the clock, we were hopping and bopping to" this 1971 James Bond film in which Jill St. John played Tiffany Case In this novel, Carson McCullers' first, townspeople confide in John Singer, a deaf-mute Negotiators for the U.S. in Ghent included John Quincy Adams & this Speaker of the House from Kentucky In 1888 John Dunlop put his new pneumatic type of this on a bicycle Her father, Col. John Dandridge, was a wealthy landowner John Calvin's followers in England were "Puritans"; his followers in France were called this It's been said Martin van Buren's son John was 1st to advise, "Vote early & ..." this John Travolta played paint salesman & disco king Tony Manero in this 1977 film In the Book of Mark, John the Baptist called this king an adulterer; oops! Rhyming nickname for John Gotti based on a product used on frying pans In the 1380s this English poetry pioneer dedicated his verse romance "Troilus And Criseyde" to fellow poet John Gower Jesus said of this disciple in John 1:42, "Thou shalt be called Cephas" As a child Robert Blake played a Mexican boy in this Bogart classic directed by John Huston 1971: Jill St. John as Tiffany Case This capsule could have sung, "If you're over in a jam here I am", John Glenn His rowdy TV movie portrayal of Hank Williams Jr. was a far cry from his role as John-Boy Walton Sir John A. Macdonald John & Ann in "Man And Superman" were inspired by characters in this composer's "Don Giovanni" Played by John Cleese, this character was trained to succeed Q as James Bond's gadgeteer John Hancock The book of Mark recounts how John the Baptist baptized believers, including Jesus, in this river The humanoid robot Asimo performs some John Travolta dance moves in this Disneyland "land" "T.G.O.W." by John Steinbeck John Quincy Adams & Sam Houston were 2 of the 8 brave senators JFK wrote about in this Pulitzer-winning 1956 book Samuel Adams & U.S. President John Adams were related in this way 2 topless statues were covered up by John Ashcroft when he served at this government department Doc Holliday's mistress; Dean Martin & John Wayne were among her movie sons The authors of the Bible's Gospels: Matthew, Luke, John &... In 1827 chemist John Walker "struck" gold by inventing the first friction ones of these; smokers really liked them After this group's first album, both Denny Laine & Clint Warwick left; Justin Hayward & John Lodge filled the void John Dickinson of Delaware had George Read do this for him Nicknamed "Gentleman Jim", this bank teller won the heavyweight boxing title from John L. Sullivan in 1892 John Hancock was the first & Charles Thomson the second signer of this, July 4, 1776 Lenina Huxley, a cop in 2032 who unfreezes John Spartan (Sylvester Stallone) John Man, author of "Gobi: Tracking the Desert", says that, surprisingly, it's the safest season to visit St. John, New Brunswick lies on this bay that's noted for its high tides Swedish-born John Ericsson designed this 1st of the ironclads with a revolving turret The Knights of St. John who ran a Jerusalem hospital for sick pilgrims wore white, not red ones In 1991 John Updike won a Pulitzer for this fourth & final novel about Harry Angstrom In song Elton John said goodbye to Princess Diana, referring to her as this flower Spot John Cusack as one of 8 disgraced Chicago White Sox & you're watching this 1988 film John Grisham: "Theodore Boone: Kid ___" Alpha Phi Alpha John H. Johnson founded this magazine in 1951, 6 years after Ebony John Constable called John Robert Cozens "The Greatest Genius That Ever Touched" this genre of painting In the Lincoln assassination, John Wilkes booth used a single-shot .44 caliber this John Hunt, leader of the expedition that put Edmund Hillary atop this mountain, was made a baron John Brown called this woman a "general" because of her bravery in helping slaves escape A D.C. daily newspaper, or the march John Philip Sousa wrote for it Collective name given the Confederate raiders led by John Hunt Morgan against Union troops in 1862-63 John Houseman reprised his film role as law professor Kingsfield for this drama John Ritter appeared as the minister who married Ted & Georgette on this classic sitcom John Greenleaf Whittier wrote of one of these boys "with cheek of tan" In Luke, this angel told Zacharias that his wife Elisabeth would bear a son & "Thou shalt call him John" The book of John records him as saying, "Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails... I will not believe" The pneumatic tire John Dunlop came up with was originally for this mode of transportation This president is said to be related to John Kennedy, Princess Di & F. Mitterand The fictional Alice Rutherford married John Clayton & bore this child In 1997 this performer, seen here, sang "Knockin' On Heaven's Door" before Pope John Paul II John Opie, the "Cornish Wonder", was tutored but hyped as an unschooled genius in this capital in 1781 John Singer Sargent didn't find those red stones for January strange If actress Givens wed Confederate general John, she'd make out like a bandit with this name "T.W.A.T.G." by John Irving This "X-Files" star has expressed his admiration for the complex modern poetry of John Ashbery In 1975 New Zealand's John Walker ran the mile in 3:49.4, beating this man's 1954 mark by 10 seconds In 1858 John Hanning Speke discovered the largest lake on this continent Director John Carpenter wrote music for this Jamie Lee Curtis horror film & its 4 sequels "The Shepherds of the Delectable Mountain" is an opera based on this John Bunyan work This John Lennon - Paul McCartney tune was the 1st by the Beatles to reach No. 1 in the U.S. They're the geological formations mentioned in John Denver's "Take Me Home Country Roads" John Wheeler named this singularity in the late 1960s; the Russians called it a collapsar In 1976 Elton John wrote & duetted with Kiki Dee on this world-conquering smash hit Henry Adams, grandson of John Quincy Adams, wrote the nonfiction classic "The Education of" him Isaac Pitman invented a system of this in the 1830s, decades before John Robert Gregg George S. Kaufman helped John Steinbeck turn this work about George & Lennie into a play John McCrae wrote, "In Flanders Fields" these "blow between the crosses, row on row" The title of Elton John's "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" refers to a path created by this author Welles & John Houseman launched this theater in 1937 with a modern-dress "Julius Caesar" These lingual organs of cod are so popular in Newfoundland that St. John's has a contest for eating them This cousin of John Adams represents Massachusetts in the collection Elton John: "Me and Suzie had so much fun, holding hands and skimming stones" Made famous in a 1975 John Denver song & in documentaries, it was originally a Minesweeper built for the Royal Navy On his visit to this city on January 22, 1999 John Paul II toured around in his "Papabus" This relative of John King of the Dust Brothers production duo says we confused them with the Chemical Bros. Paul Frees provided the voices of John & George for this group's Saturday morning animated series In 2008 John McCain used this 1958 Top 10 hit by Chuck Berry as an anthem for his presidential bid John 2 relates this incident at Cana as Jesus' 1st miracle In 1616 she went to England with her husband, John, & her infant son In the 1995 movie "Nixon", this "Frasier" co-star played John Dean The JS on the front stands for John Sinnock, who did this For this Beatles song, Paul  rhymed "She was just 17, never been a beauty queen"; John made it "you know what I mean" The last non-Italian Pope before John Paul II was Adrian VI from this low country John & Paul wrote this hit June 26, 1963; Paul flipped the angle from 3 earlier songs all had the word "me" in the title John Quincy Adams had John C. Calhoun; James Buchanan had this John C. In 1826, John Cam Hobhouse coined the phrase "His Majesty's" this for the party not in power John Fitch launched a vessel of this type in 1787, 16 years before Robert Fulton Hawthorne based "The Celestial Railroad" on this John Bunyan work, one of his boyhood favorites John Steinbeck first came to prominence with this 1935 novel about a group of Mexican-Americans Meaning small time con men, it's the title of a neo-noir film with Anjelica Huston & John Cusack John Scott Harrison was the son & father of these 2 U.S. presidents A member of the Christian denomination started by John Wesley Elton John's "Your Song" is his song too Gen. John Stark, who died at Manchester in 1822, was the last living general of this war It's the numerical name for the principal works of Matthew, Mark, Luke & John Main product of both Papa Murphy's & Papa John's In Mark 1:3 John the Baptist is described as the voice of one crying in this No birdbrain, John James Audubon was most closely associated with this -ology John Smeaton is known for the all-masonry one of these he built on Eddystone Reef near Plymouth, England John Goodman played an angry Tulane professor on this HBO show set in post-Katrina New Orleans A print of an original John Tenniel illustration of this young literary lady is <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2006-05-02_J_01.jpg" target="_blank">seen</a> <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2006-05-02_J_01a.jpg" target="_blank">here</a> Elton John won his first Grammy as a solo artist for this song from "The Lion King" In 1497 John Cabot explored the coast of this continent, possibly including Cape Breton This angel announced the coming births of both Jesus & John the Baptist <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2004-10-04_J_22.jpg" target="_blank">This</a> is your John Hancock 1976's "Don't Go Breaking My Heart" was a No. 1 duet by Elton John & this woman Best New Artist winners include John Legend, Maroon 5 & this jazzy singer of "Don't Know Why" In 1993 Polish-born general John Shalikashvili became chairman of this group At sporting events "Rainbow Man" Stewart often promoted this chapter & verse of the gospel of John John Bunyan's "Pilgrim's Progress" is a work in this genre Combatants on this TV show have included Pat Buchanan, Michael Kinsley & John Sununu In 1415 Czech religious reformer John Hus was condemned & burned at the stake for this crime In 1977 John Neumann, a bishop of Philadelphia, became the first American male to be made this John Alden was the last surviving signer of this Pilgrim John Billington was the 1st man executed in America when he was hanged for murder in this city Sept. 30, 1630 It's said this 1939 John Ford western was the first movie filmed at Monument Valley in Utah & Arizona "To Let" was the last novel in this John Galsworthy series George Bernard Shaw play in which John Tanner philosophizes about evolution X marks the spot where the musical inspired by this Olivia Newton-John film about a roller disco rolled onto B'way He & Elton John met when both answered an ad placed by Liberty Records in 1967 The Cathedral of St. John the Divine Aviator, wraparound & John Lennon are styles of these When kicked out of school in this film, John Belushi sighs, "Seven years of college down the drain" John Wesley Powell led the first successful navigation down this river through the Grand Canyon Of Abraham V, Martin V or John V, the one who was not a pope In 1663 John Eliot's translation of this, both the old & new parts, appeared in Algonquin Daniel Shays in 1787, like John Brown in 1859, tried to capture one of these storage places An English actress becomes a double agent in this Middle Eastern-set thriller by John Le Carre To tell the veritas, John did a lousy job as treasurer of this college, his alma mater John's scallions Dagmar, Christie, Katrin & Nels are the 4 children of a Norwegian immigrant couple in this John Van Druten play The 2 Johns most closely associated with Pocahontas Some historians call the election in which this man beat John Breckinridge the most important in U.S. history It might ring a bell that he was John Adams' Secretary of State before he became Chief Justice In 1993 the failure of the handheld Newton device helped force out John Sculley as this company's CEO John Calvin moved back to this Swiss city in 1541, became a citizen & died there in 1564 Based on his 1992 testimony against John Gotti, he could have been Sammy the Canary, not the Bull John le Carre is one, for David Cornwell He played the title role in the movie "Being John Malkovich" You'll find the John F. Kennedy Federal Building in this state capital In "The Daughter of Herodias", she's carrying the head of John the Baptist on a platter Shared title of 2 tales, one by John Jakes & one by Elizabeth Gaskell: "_____ and _____" Of John, James, Elvis or Ringo, Paul McCartney's real first name On Nov. 4, 2003, this ABC series said a fond farewell to John with an episode titled simply "Goodbye" In 1975 John played the cute minister called in from the tennis court to marry Ted & Georgette on this sitcom John became TV's clown prince of pratfalls as this appropriately named character on "Three's Company" (Dr. John) Becker John Wilkes Booth's notebook is on display in the Lincoln Museum at this site seen here Get hold of "Marine Painting in Oil" by E. John Robinson to learn how to paint this 8-letter type of work The John Paul II International Airport is in this country This 5-word rule or maxim has been attributed to both H. Gordon Selfridge & John Wanamaker In 1808 this ship's John Adams was found on Pitcairn Island; he was the only adult male still there A hit in 1997 with new lyrics, it was originally on Elton John's 1973 album "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" Pre-"The West Wing", the real Josiah Bartlett governs N.H., John Paul Jones gives up the fight & the Jay Treaty is inked Like John Doe, this name is often used in legal proceedings to designate an unidentified male A 1993 award cited John F. Burns' "courageous", coverage of the destruction of" this Bosnian capital Jose Ferrer in 1952 & John Leguizamo in 2001 played this artist On April 12, 1981 John Young (Moon, Class of '72) became the first to command one of these vehicles John's jar had 300 pennies in it, but he lost 2/3 of them in a pitching contest with Bob, leaving this many John Grisham switched gears with "Skipping" this holiday, about a couple who want to skip the consumerism In 1998 he came out of retirement to help cover John Glenn's return to space, "And that's the way it is" Pope John Paul II was born in the city of Wadowice in this country John F. Kennedy Jr.: this Providence campus After Trapper John was transferred stateside, this California-born surgeon replaced him In 2001 Elton John courted controversy when he sang a duet with this rapper at the Grammys It's John Donne's famous 5-word phrase about isolation that precedes "entire of itself" John Locke believed no one is born with innate ideas, that at birth the mind is one of these This 1862 song shared the melody from the chorus of "John Brown's Body" We enjoy our cups of this more when servant John Brown adds whisky to them (Hi, I'm Kristoff St. John of "The Young and the Restless") For many years, this Connecticut city where I grew up was the winter headquarters for the Barnum & Bailey Circus Raul Julia matched John Astin creepy for kooky as this character In this John Boorman film, Mordred pierces Arthur with his spear, but Arthur gets him anyway This actress has 3 children with ex John McEnroe Florida's governor John Ellis Bush goes by this 3-letter nickname Sir John Soane had a 3-day party after buying Seti I's sarcophagus for his home in this British capital "Rocky" director John G. Avildsen directed this 1984 Ralph Macchio film & 2 of its sequels John Elway, or change from a dollar for a 75c item Glenn was the Marquise de Merteuil to John Malkovich's Vicomte de Valmont in this period film Last name of John & Henry, who leased the land for a Louisville racetrack to their nephew John is a Shakespeare-quoting "savage" found on a N.M. reservation in this Huxley novel John Brown's body lies a-moulderin' in his grave south of this "Lake" village, home to the 1980 Winter Olympics As John Doe, Kevin Spacey gets a head of Gwyneth Paltrow in this 1995 film John, the nun's priest, tells the tale of Chanticleer, one of these animals This redneck movie reviewer is the alter-ego of John Bloom The financial dealings of her husband, John Zaccaro, caused controversy during her run for V.P. As Jane Smith, Angelina asks him, "Any last words?"; as John Smith, his reply... "The new curtains are hideous" John Adams wrote of this 1773 event, "There is a dignity, a majesty...in this last effort of the patriots that I greatly admire" Dr. John Becker, Sam Malone In 1706, Sir John Vanbrugh wrote in "The Country House", "He laughs best who..." does this John Kennedy Toole wrote about "A Confederacy of" these pointy cap wearers Wearing a bee costume, John Belushi sang "I'm A King Bee" as half of the duo later known as this On July 5, 1846 John C. Fremont was chosen to direct the affairs of this "Bear Flag" republic In 1996 Raymond Benson took over a book series from John Gardner, who had taken over from this 1st author John Denver's "Take Me Home, Country Roads" sings the praises of this state Elton John wrote this song for Billie Jean King's tennis team, not our bicentennial John Lennon said this 1965 movie title tune was one of his favorites, in part because he wrote it about himself On the fatal night, it's the number of shots John Wilkes Booth had in his gun 4-letter suffix to such wildflowers as rag-, soap- & St. John's, it's from the Old English for "root" or "plant" In titles of John Langley's western novels, this numerical weapon precedes "Law", "Justice" & "Feud" He gave his "Liberty or Death" speech in St. John's Church in Richmond, Virginia This teenager was the second of John Rolfe's 3 wives Martin Short, John Candy & Dan Aykroyd were all born in this country 1934 was a bad year for bank robbers: John Dillinger was killed in Chicago & this couple went down in a Louisiana police ambush On Nov. 17, 1734 journalist John Peter Zenger was arrested for this; a landmark freedom of the press case ensued This building, John Lennon's last residence, was so named because 72nd St. seemed like the Far West John Barrymore spoofed himself in this 1940 movie whose title reflected his nickname John Adams belonged to this party that favored a strong central government After this ex-Congressman was killed at the Alamo, his son John was elected to Congress John Reed witnesses the Russian revolution with John Irving's characters Jenny Fields & her son T.S. John says Mary Magdalene looked into the tomb & saw two of these where Jesus' body had been On Sept. 15, 1862 Stonewall Jackson captured this town made famous by John Brown 3 years earlier This magazine man, born in 1926, claims to be a direct descendent of Puritan patriarchs John Winthrop & William Bradford She was an ad copywriter before marrying John Gregory Dunne & writing essays, novels & screenplays Pius XI, Pius XII, John XXIII... Augustus John, known for his portrait of this Welsh poet, introduced the poet to his future wife Caitlin Emma Peel's John on TV's "The Avengers" Adela Rogers St. Johns, who was hired by this man in 1913, reported on his granddaughter's trial in 1976 John Belushi played this most notorious Delta in "Animal House" American pioneer John Chapman would press you to eat this fruit & would plant the seeds to make orchards Gym: Olivia Newton-John topped the charts for 10 weeks with this 1981 1-word-title tune John Queeny founded the chemical company Monsanto in St. Louis in 1901 to make this sweetener The Urological Institute at Johns Hopkins came about through an endowment by this flashy 19th C. financier Paul VI, John Paul I, Pius XII John Cullum of "Northern Exposure" understudied Richard Burton in this 1960 musical In a 1969 film he showed some "True Grit" as John Wayne's young sidekick Bebop trumpeter John Birks Gillespie earned this nickname for his clowning & horseplay August 7: This "colorful" oil field firefighter who inspired John Wayne's "Hellfighters" The John F. Kennedy School of Government, on John F. Kennedy Street, is a graduate school of this university "A.S.P." by John Knowles A young lawyer defends a black Vietnam hero who murdered white rapists in this first John Grisham legal thriller 2001: John Leguizamo (in a musical) This partner of David Brinkley was a descendant of John Adams & John Quincy Adams John Updike called this author's "The Metamorphosis" "An indubitable masterpiece" Aretha played the owner of a soul food cafe in this 1980 movie that starred Dan Aykroyd & John Belushi John Howard Griffin chemically darkened his skin to research this 1961 bestseller In 1974 torn tissue in pitcher Tommy John's left arm was replaced with a tendon from this part of his body Since the face wasn't shown, a stand-in stood in for John Travolta in famous opening shot of this film Virginia's state motto, which John Wilkes Booth yelled as he shot Lincoln In the 20th anniversary production of "Annie", John Schuck played this billionaire Sir John Lavery became the leading portrait painter of his time after he was commissioned to paint her portrait in 1888 John Nance Garner John C. Calhoun (1 of the 2) Historian John Jameson led the campaign to build this D.C. center to store historic documents Feb. 1, 1790: John Jay presides over the first meeting of this body The "locusts" eaten by John the Baptist may have been these Mediterranean pods also known as locust bean John Mason Neale translated "O Come, O Come, Emmanuel" & wrote this carol about a virtuous ruler In 1861 John Brooke turned this ship that had been burned to the deck into an ironclad called the Virginia John Malkovich forces Secret Service agent Clint Eastwood back on presidential detail in this 1993 film John Kerry served on these boats in the Mekong Delta & a group of their "Veterans for Truth" opposed him in '04 Elton John & this woman had a No. 1 duet with "Don't Go Breaking My Heart" Christian has a wife named Christiana in this John Bunyan allegory Meet <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-07-14_DJ_04.jpg" target="_blank">this</a> Oscar-winning star of "Meet John Doe" In 1811 Virginia had 4 governors: John Tyler, George William Smith, Peyton Randolph & this fifth president In 1415 Czech religious reformer John Hus was condemned & burned at the stake for this crime This brand of garbage disposer invented by John Hammes is celebrating its 60th anniversary in 1998 1996 film in which John Travolta takes time out from his job as an Air Force pilot to steal bombs The thin round piece of ground meat who married John Astin John G. Diefenbaker Title of the man seen here that fits the category: (Pope John Paul II) John Foster Dulles, Martin Van Buren, George Shultz In the Kennedy assassination, a bullet struck John Connally, the governor of this state Crispin of Viterbo, "The Ass of the Capuchins", was the first of hundreds made these by John Paul II John Elway, Lawrence Taylor & Marcus Allen John Adams said that a "Useless man is called a disgrace, that 2 are called a law firm, & 3 or more become" this body John Ritter was acclaimed for his portrayal of a small-town gay man in this 1996 Billy Bob Thornton film It's not known who inspired this term for needing or craving, but it wasn't Tommy Lee or John Paul The Plain of Ease, the Valley of Humiliation & the Country of Conceit appear in this John Bunyan work In 1985 this playwright's "Requiem For A Heavyweight" came to Broadway starring John Lithgow In 1948 he had 3 plays on Broadway:  "John Bull's Other Island", "You Never Can Tell" & "Man & Superman" John Fleming invented this in 1904 & fought in court with Lee de Forest, who invented the triode in 1906 Saint-John's Bread is another name for this tree that yields a chocolate substitute Quaker poet & abolitionist John Whittier 1950s Secretary of State John Dulles American economist John Galbraith British economist John Keynes In titles of novels by John Updike, it precedes "Run", "is Rich" & "at Rest" Taken by this woman, the last portrait of John Lennon shows him nude on a bed with a fully clothed Yoko Ono Though still alive at the time, Confederate raider John S. Mosby earned this nickname In 1608 Captain John Smith was elected council president of this settlement John Ford said he played one of the Ku Klux Klan members in this D.W. Griffith film Elton John: "____ Wine" St. John the Baptist by Donatello at Siena Cathedral Two of four girls' names mentioned in titles of Elton John top 10 hits Hong Kong director John Woo's 1993 U.S. debut "Hard Target" starred this Belgian kickboxer Even Daddy Warbucks couldn't buy this 1982 John Huston-directed musical an Oscar; it lost both nominations John Hinckley was acquitted of shooting Ronald Reagan by reason of this No. 89 is this 1966 hit that John Phillips came up with on a cold winter's night in Manhattan Burt & Hal were inspired by this 1962 movie starring John Wayne & Jimmy Stewart to write a song of the same name Newspaper editor John Bogart said, "If a man" does this, "that is news" This city's Johns Hopkins hospital opened on May 7, 1889; today, it's part of a $5 billion medical system This nephew of John Jasper mysteriously disappears In 1711, trumpeter John Shore invented this two-pronged pitch setter John Pielmeier's play about this woman "of God" is the shocking story of a troubled young nun Hawkeye & Trapper John shared a tent called the swamp on this show The controversial "Da Vinci Code" suggests that it isn't John seated beside Jesus in this painting but Mary Magdalene Anwar Sadat was shot, Pope John Paul II was shot, President Reagan was shot In "The Searchers", John Wayne was searching for her The culinary delights of U.S. 41 include this pizza chain founded by John Schnatter downstate in Jeffersonville, In. John, Emily, Angie In 1999 Dawn Upshaw was Daisy Buchanan in John Harbison's operatic version of this novel This navigational instrument was invented around 1730 by John Hadley in Europe & Thomas Godfrey in America In 1630 John Milton wrote a sonnet honoring this other famous sonneteer Some orders of these were Teutonic, Templar & of St. John On Sept. 29, 2005 John Roberts was sworn in as this This British title was first given to John Beaumont in 1440 John Boyd Dunlop patented a pneumatic one of these in 1888 & built a whole company around it This star of "Annie" returned to Broadway as John Davidson's daughter in the 1996 staging of "State Fair" Everyone from Sean Connery to Henry Fonda to John Wayne turns up in this 1962 WWII epic In 1798 George wrote to John Greenwood, a man in this profession, "I am...ready to pay what ever you may charge me" It was the native language of Pope John Paul I, but not of Pope John Paul II William Bendix, Brian Dennehy, John Goodman: A baseball player Elton John told us, "When all hope is gone", these "say so much" John Beradino, who passed away in 1996, played Dr. Steve Hardy on this daytime soap for over 30 years Both John R. Gregg & Sir Isaac Pitman are famous for developing & teaching systems of this John L. Sullivan was the first heavyweight champ to box in this original venue; in 1971, Joe Frazier beat Ali there 5 members of this retail family made the Top 10, including Jim & John (shouldn't that be Jim-Bob & John-Boy?) "Henry St. John, Gentleman" is set in this Virginia valley at the onset of the American Revolution Only 12 episodes were made of this series starring John Cleese as a Torquay hotelier An ABC telecast of this animated film had a scene in which Mel, as John Smith, & Judy Kuhn sang a duet This John Steinbeck novel centers on Adam Trask & his twin sons Aron & Caleb "Rooster Cogburn" was a 1975 sequel to this 1969 John Wayne film Musician John & world leader Vladimir This band known as the "Pre-Fab Five" has re-formed, though without John, Paul or George John Ashcroft Pres. John Adams was a member of this former political party that advocated a strong centralized govt. John Travolta received an Oscar nomination for his performance in this 1977 movie This title of John Grisham's first novel is from a passage in Ecclesiastes This Hemingway title comes from poet John Donne's meditations about the inter-connectedness of people In 1976 this agriculture secretary lost his job after making crude remarks to John Dean & Pat Boone One of the first observations of this U.S. holiday was May 30, 1868 on the order of General John Logan This 2000 musical wasn't written in the stars, but by Linda Wolverton, Elton John & Tim Rice At the end of a play by John Millington Synge, the barmaid Pegeen laments, "I've lost the only playboy of" this John Sevier was the first governor of Tennessee & the first & only governor of this short-lived state To counter an unauthorized sequel to this 1678 work, John Bunyan wrote his own In 1848 John B. Curtis made this product commercially for the first time in the U.S.; Wrigley came later He directed John Wayne in many westerns, including "The Searchers" & "Fort Apache" In 1381 John Ball & he led the English peasants in a rebellion against new taxes In 1888 John Philip Sousa wrote this march that later became the official march of the Marine Corps John Wilkes Booth's pistol is on display in this building, where he used it SEAL John Gay survived a firefight in this Somali capital after a bullet deflected off the knife he wore Popes: Pius XII, John XXIII... St. John Eudes promoted devotion to this sacred body part not just of Jesus but of Mary too The photo of John Paul I seen here shows how he earned this nickname Because John J. Raskob of GM wanted to outdo Walter Chrysler in skyscraper building John Bunyan classic that we suspect has sold more "Cliffs Notes" copies than the real thing Billy Crudup merited the role of John Merrick in the 2002 revival of this drama Simone, the daughter of singer Nina Simone, took over the title role in this Elton John & Tim Rice show in 2002 In the Bible, the mother of John the Baptist I'll wear a bouffant 'do when I see the new musical based on this 1988 John Waters film, & I'm not teasing That's right!  We have an authentic fake reproduction of this 1776 document signed by John Penn & Josiah Bartlett! Michael Jordan, Andy Griffith, John Edwards Under Thomas John Watson, the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Co. was renamed this in 1924 Psychological "ism" associated with John B. Watson John Tyler-- but not for long After John Milton died in 1674, his widow sold all the rights to this work for a paltry 8 pounds The work of John Peto, shown here, used the technique of trompe l'oiel, or "do this" to the eye This Colorado ski resort was named for Buchanan's VP John C. After a funeral mass in Boston, Ted was laid to rest near John & Bobby at this cemetery John Watson, a medical doctor "(Just Like) Starting Over" is one of the songs from this 1980 John Lennon & Yoko Ono album When this series debuted in 1978 drivers on it included John Burns, Bobby Wheeler & Alex Rieger John Engler John Irving Richard Henry Lee, Martha Jefferson, John Hancock In the title of John Constable's painting "The Hay Wain", "wain" is a word for this In this film, Tom Skerritt & John Hurt are among those killed by the creature in Quadrant QBR 157, 052 John Montagu, Earl of this, popularized a dish that helped him eat meat while playing cards Robert Banks & John Hogan invented a type of this substance, giving grocery shoppers a checkout choice John Stuart Mill: "The Subjection of _____" John H. Wilson called it "At once London's highroad and its sewer" John Lennon song with the lyrics "We all shine on like the moon and the stars and the sun" John Raitt starred as carnival barker Billy Bigelow when this musical debuted on Broadway John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis & Kevin Kline of "Fierce Creatures" also starred in this 1988 comedy Candidate John Kerry said this group was getting financially squeezed & proposed a "contract with" it On a 1950s series, the mysterious John Beresford Tipton gave away this amount of money every week On August 28, 1884 John Montgomery made the first manned flight of one of these engineless planes at Otay, Calif. This other John met John Calvin in Geneva & brought his ideas to Scotland He recorded 2 Top 20 "Blues" hits with John Belushi: "Soul Man" & "Gimme Some Lovin'" John Calvin's teachings led to this branch of Protestantism whose name is from Greek for "elder" As the result of a 1614 wedding, he became John Rolfe's father-in-law Politician John Profumo's 1963 affair with young Christine Keeler discredited the Conservative govt. in this country When this soda company jokingly offered a Harrier jet for 7 million points, John Leonard tried to claim it Mighty Casey, Pecos Bill, John Henry & this lumberjack appeared on 1996 stamps honoring folk heroes In 2011 this title hat worn by John Wayne sold for a record $179,250 at auction John Mahoney of "Frasier" played one of the guys who sold aluminum siding in this Barry Levinson film The city of Cambridge in this state was the birthplace of spaceman John Glenn "Sit Down, John" & "The Lees of Old Virginia" are songs from this musical set during the revolution This "Betrayal" dramatist adapted John Fowles' novel "The French Lieutenant's Woman" for the screen Jim Hawkins spies on Long John Silver from an apple barrel in this Robert Louis Stevenson novel It's what John Smith could have called his dad's mom, or a variety of green apple grown in the U.S. When released in 1667, this epic poem by John Milton filled 10 books Mick St. John is a P.I. who sucks--blood, that is--on this vampirific CBS show In 1830 John Quincy Adams became the first ex-president elected to serve in this body John Quincy Adams' wife's first name; she shared it with a Miss Alcott In 1843 John was a "star", laying the cornerstone for the first professional one of these in the U.S., on Mt. Adams In 1767, when John Quincy Adams was born there, Quincy, Massachusetts was known by this name Omaha brothers & entrepreneurs Edward & John & their wives, sisters Mary Lucretia & Sarah Emily In John 9, Jesus restores this sense to a man who had been missing it since birth A.O. Scott says he's not entirely joking calling this 2010 John Cusack comedy a "poignant story of 3 men, adrift in their 40s" The title of this John Dos Passos trilogy has only 3 letters He dedicated his epic poem "Adonais" to fellow romantic poet John Keats In 1825 John Nash used his beautiful mind to remodel this London royal residence John C. Calhoun This author of the play "The Widow's Tears" also did a Homer translation that blew John Keats away John Quade: "Well it appears that there can't be too many guys driving around this valley with an ape" John Irving, James Michener, Arthur Miller John Lithgow won for his killer job as mild-mannered serial killer Arthur Mitchell on this Showtime drama John Hancock & Samuel Adams John Marmaduke & John Ashcroft After his parents died, this poet was raised by his wealthy foster father, John Allan For this 1980 film Wally Schneiderman applied John Hurt's elaborate make-up John & Stewart Alsop revived the word "egghead" to describe this candidate's supporters "The 42nd Parallel" is the first novel in this John Dos Passos trilogy A food fight aids John Belushi's getaway in this 1978 comedy classic Troubled Air Force Captain John Yossarian 1991: "Don’t Let The Sun Go Down On Me" by Elton John & him 1999: "Written In The Stars" by Elton John & this country girl The T. Jefferson Building, John Adams Building & James Madison Memorial Bldg. house this John Ehrlichman coined the expression "It'll play in" this Illinois city Pope John XXIII opened this historic meeting in St. Peter's Basilica on October 11 John Huston's "The Misfits" was the last complete film for these 2 screen superstars John Grunsfeld, grandson of a planetarium designer, flew on the 1999 shuttle mission to repair this In the 1540s John Calvin made this Swiss city a center of Protestant might An American seal hunter named John Davis is believed to be the first person to set foot on this continent John Dryden in 1683 was the first to use the term "biography"--appropriately, while writing about this Greek This 1957 novel opens with the query "Who is John Galt?" The Barrymore Awards are presented in this Pennsylvania city, birthplace of John, Ethel & Lionel Barrymore Main product of both Papa Murphy's & Papa John's In 1708 Philip V & John V ruled these neighboring kingdoms on the same peninsula The John A. Macdonald is this kind of ship that's useful in the most challenging climes Chief Justice John Marshall said "The power to tax involves the power to" do this Named for logician John, it's the diagram seen <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2001-10-03_DJ_23.jpg" target="_blank">here</a> that shows relations between sets Eleanor had not expected <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-10-02_DJ_29.jpg" target="_blank">this</a> movie star's 1953 performance in "John Brown's Body" to satisfy her as it did (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-10-02_DJ_16.jpg" target="_blank">I'm Campbell Brown.</a>)  On March 4, 2008 John McCain clinched the GOP nomination with 4 primary wins including this vast state, where he made his victory remarks John Sparkman He played a younger version of Elton John in Elton's music video "This Train Don't Stop There Anymore" The title of this 1939 John Steinbeck novel was taken from a Julia Ward Howe song In 1925 Chicago gangster John Torrio passed his empire to this man Seth Green checked in when he played Egg in this film based on a John Irving novel The last military engagement of the French & Indian War was fought near St. John's in this Canadian province Cordell Hull won this prize in 1945; the next year it went to YMCA leader John Mott John Howard Griffin darkened his skin to research this 1961 expose of racism By their show's title, Linda Cardellini & James Franco play "Freaks" & John Daley & Samm Levine are these In the TV movie "RKO 281", John Malkovich was this man who co-wrote "Citizen Kane" with Orson Welles John Cougar: "Jack & _____" Mel Gibson sang 2 songs as Captain John Smith in this animated Disney film A state of depression is called a Slough of Despond after a deep bog in this John Bunyan classic John Osborne's "L.B.I.A." John Payne, a Virginia plantation owner John Thurloe was this English leader's intelligence chief in the 1650s, gathering info on royalist plots Citing John Winthrop, who said, "The eyes of all people are on us", Ronald Reagan liked to compare the U.S. to this Glen Campbell co-starred in this 1969 film, but unlike John Wayne, he didn't win an Oscar for it "Repetitious and aimless as to seem to beg for oblivion", said John Simon of this 1977 Woody Allen film In the Bible, the father of  the Apostles James & John John III Sobieski: 1674 to 1696 This John Gray book about the differences between the sexes has been a bestseller for more than 3 years Man-made Lake Powell on this river is named for early conservationist John Wesley Powell That old gang of his included Will, John & Tuck Friar John gets quarantined, so he never delivers that really important letter that this Friar wrote to Romeo John Ritter's sitcom "Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter" times John Ritter's sitcom "Company" Hawkeye's unit number in "M*A*S*H" plus John Lithgow's title rock "from the Sun" It's John Gray's 1992 megaseller on relationships & the differences between the sexes In 1975 John Huston co-starred with Sean Connery in "The Wind and the Lion" & directed him in this film After making a deal with the Devil in this 1968 film, John Cassavetes gets a Broadway role You might want to plant trees, in imitation of this hermit-like 19th c. planter & wanderer born John Chapman As Satanic lawyer John Milton, Al Pacino tries to corrupt Keanu Reeves in this movie John Gray: "The Classic Guide to Understanding the Opposite Sex" The births of John & Jesus were heralded by this archangel At its height, it was known as the empire "on which the sun never sets", a reference to a line by John Wilson Lisbon-born Pedro Juliao didn't last long on this Job; he was killed by a falling ceiling 8 months after becoming John XXI On this CW show, John Glover as single dad Lionel tried to push son Lex to the dark side In this Russian-American's "Pale Fire", John Shade is the late author of a 999-line poem 1996: Christian & Samantha Mathis try to prevent John Travolta from stealing nuclear missiles John Lennon said that this movie title tune was a plea on his own behalf James Agee & John Huston wrote the script for this 1951 film with a continent in its title At one point, John Huston wanted Gable & Bogart to star in this film about 2 schemers who want to rule Kafiristan John the Baptist's mom (9) Chaos & crime led John C. Fremont to declare this type of law in Missouri Aug. 30, 1861 John Steinbeck first titled this story of George & Lennie "Something that Happened" Prime Minister John Howard Capt. John Smith wrote about this Indian weapon & compared it to a poleax John Forsythe, Heather Locklear, Joan Collins John Forsythe, David Doyle, Kate Jackson The young John Webster, who grew up to write "The Duchess of Malfi", is a character in this 1998 film He served as Attorney General under John F. Kennedy & Lyndon B. Johnson Chapter 25 of this book is called "The First Wedding"  & it described Meg's marriage to John Brooke In the gerund phrase in "Tony didn't mind John visiting", the word "John" should properly be in this form Pete admires John Dingell, a former page who now represents this Wolverine State in the House In 1995 John Gray had 2 books on the top 10 list of the year: "Mars and Venus in the Bedroom" at No. 7 & this one at No. 1 1618, John Donne: "____, be not proud" While fighting for Charles II in 1651, John Maitland, 1st Duke of Lauderdale, was captured by this Lord Protector No arrests were made after John Stockton left the NBA with a record 3,625 of these Since 2001 John Hurt has played Mr. Ollivander, an eccentric wandmaker, in this film series John Hurt reprised the role of Quentin Crisp for 2009's "An Englishman in" this U.S. city He played math genius John Nash in "A Beautiful Mind" In 1858 John Speke & this explorer, not the actor, made the European discovery of Lake Tanganyika Bar owner Sam Malone & Dr. John Becker In this novel John Galt leaves the Twentieth Century Motor Company when it goes Socialist Mary, let John attach this from the side of the tent to a stake--"it's a" this "thing" John Brown is the title lawman who gets gunned down in this Bob Marley song John Dowland was a notable Renaissance composer of pieces for this medieval stringed instrument Jimmy Porter represents the English class system in this John Osborne play Of John, Paul, or George, Byron's given name John Lithgow appeared as a Broadway director in this autobiographical Bob Fosse film (Hi, I'm Wallace Langham)  I played a weenie in this John Hughes film in which 2 kids create Kelly LeBrock This man who chronicles the rich, famous & criminal for Vanity Fair is a brother of novelist John Gregory Dunne In an 1850 novel, John Wilson & Arthur Dimmesdale plead with her to name her lover (a knotty situation for ol' Art) Poet John Milton had this biblical strongman lamenting, "O loss of sight, of thee I most complain!" John Ringling North worked on this Cecil B. DeMille film whose title describes his family's circus The top-rated miniseries of the 1985-86 season was based on this John Jakes novel Both Elliott Gould and this man played Trapper John McIntyre in "M*A*S*H" Songs in this revolutionary musical include "Sit Down, John" & "The Lees of Old Virginia" John Belushi starred as Capt. Wild Bill Kelso in this romp about hysteria gripping America after Pearl Harbor John Guare's "Six Degrees of..." John C. McGinley plays Dr. Cox, the reluctant mentor to the rookie doctors at Sacred Heart Hospital on this NBC sitcom This former wide receiver took over for John Madden on "Sunday Night Football" John Adams had to settle for this opponent as his veep in 1796 because the 12th Amendment hadn't been passed yet John Mayer sings, "She's always buzzing just like" this noble gas In 1768 John Hancock ticked off the British by sneaking in the Madeira type of this without paying duties John Candy, John Belushi & Chris Farley have all been linked to film versions of this John Kennedy Toole novel In a 1956 film Takashi Shimura was one of these 7 warriors; John Belushi would have made 8 The bios of these on the site begin with Crispin of Viterbo, the first one created by John Paul II There's a list of the 4 papal these churches, which in addition to St. Peter's include St. John Lateran Who better than Leo McKern to read John Mortimer's this man of the Bailey "For the Prosecution" In 1888 Dr. John Henry Wilson founded the Loyal Order of Moose in his home in this largest Kentucky city John Wayne commanded a regiment of this title force in a 1968 film Cape Spear, Canada's easternmost point, is a short drive from St. John's, the capital of this province Tim Holden, Charles Dent, John Murtha Marine Ira Hayes, who helped raise the American flag on Mount Suribachi, had a cameo in this 1949 John Wayne film Hyatt Hotel designer John Portman revived these Roman inner courtyards on a grand scale In 2011 the President called late Congressman John Adler "a dedicated" this Dan Seals was part of England Dan & John Ford Coley & his brother Jim Seals was part of this duo This lead singer of Blondie played Velma Von Tussle in John Waters' film "Hairspray" In the 1984 season UCLA's John Lee set a Division 1-A record by kicking 29 of these 3-pointers John F. Kennedy's middle name was Fitzgerald & Robert F. Kennedy's was this A private room in a house, or a John Grisham novel about a death row prisoner John Curry & Peggy Fleming were among Carlo Fassi's proteges in this sport He shared digs with John Watson at 221-B Baker Street Pope John Paul II has given 1,235 people this status, more than all of his predecessors combined "Dark Eagle" by historian John Ensor Harr is called "A Novel Of" this traitor "And the American Revolution" John Rawls' influential "A Theory of" this equates it simply with fairness "Boy John Green Arrested for Trying to Drown" one of these In a line providing a John O'Hara title, Death is surprised to see a man in Baghdad when they had an "appointment"  here Remember this film, the first one John Wayne directed -- it was set in Texas in 1836 Elton John's "Candle In The Wind" was originally written as a tribute to this actress Number preceding John Dos Passos' "Soldiers" & Dumas' "Musketeers" The middle name of John Wilkes Booth's father Junius, it was the name of an old Roman assassin John Travolta played Tod Lubitch, a teen with no immunities, in this 1976 TV movie This song came about when Julia Ward Howe wrote new lyrics to "John Brown's Body" Pupil of John Calvin, this John united protestants in Scotland John Yossarian Among his other paintings in the Louvre are "St. John the Baptist" & the "Virgin of the Rocks" Young Charles had John Edmonstone teach him this art whose motto may be "Get Stuffed" John Huston wrote & directed this 1950 jewel heist caper that starred Sterling Hayden & Marilyn Monroe In the 1818 poem "Endymion", John Keats reminded us all that this 4-word phrase "is a joy forever" In 1776 she asked hubby John to "remember the ladies and be more favorable to them than your ancestors" In 1977, Bishop John Neumann was 1st American man to be named this by Roman Catholic Church Voter turnout was about 49%, the lowest since 1924, when this president defeated John W. Davis Adela St. Johns' Edward VII's authorization in 1901 allowed John Doulton's Co. to market porcelain under this name Thankful "Country Boy" Henry John Deutschendorf "My mouth is dry, my legs are weak", sang Olivia Newton-John, "You're givin' me" this title condition Jacque's Cousteau's ship; John Denver sang about it Named for John Jacob Astor, Astoria, first American settlement west of the Rockies, is in this state A western U.S. river, or Kurt Russell's eyepatch-wearing anti-hero in 2 John Carpenter flicks This "Rifleman" star played attorney John Egan in the 90-minute series "Arrest and Trial" For this Kipling story, John Huston first thought of Gable and Bogart, not Michael Caine and Sean Connery On July 4, 1828 President John Quincy Adams broke ground for this canal, known as the C&O 1967: Dr. John Wade Prentice, who (guess what?) came to dinner You may detect the scent of basil & amber in Unforgivable, from his Sean John line After his April 1775 ride, he rescued papers from a Lexington tavern belonging to John Hancock John Galsworthy refused this honor in 1918, so we don't have to call him Sir John Police reportedly arrested every dwarf in London after John Bean tried to kill her in 1842 John McCrae wrote "In" these "Fields the poppies blow between the crosses row on row" In this 1995 film in which John Travolta played mob enforcer Chili Palmer, the real Palmer had a cameo 1 of the 2 19th century VPs named John C.; both were partisans of the South If bubbly Ms. Hawn reaches a "Human Understanding" with British philosopher John, she'd become... John Elway James Cromwell, Farmer Hoggett in this 1995 film, is the son of John Cromwell, who directed "Algiers" in 1938 On the David Lynch TV series, Dwayne Milford, played by John Boylan, was mayor of this northwest town John Ronald Reuel Nicolas Cage & John Cusack team up when inmates hijack a plane in this 1997 thriller The overworked physicians on this show include Noah Wyle's Dr. John Carter & Laura Innes' Dr. Kerry Weaver Britannica calls this John McCrae poem the only important Canadian verse related to WWI Before working in "The West Wing", Allison stumbled into a tryst with candidate John Travolta in this 1998 film Located in St. John, New Brunswick, it's Canada's oldest independent brewery ...John F. Kennedy was assassinated ...John Hancock signed the Declaration of Independence The War Hawks included John C. Calhoun & this "Great Compromiser" who was Speaker of the House 1954's winner was John Patrick for "The Teahouse of" this Not Calhoun but this John C. from Kentucky was U.S. VP from 1857 to 1861 & then Sec. of War for the Confederacy John Adams, the last Bounty mutineer on this island, died in 1829 These unpopular laws that dealt with citizenship & free speech contributed to John Adams' defeat in 1800 Billionaire John Gage John 20: "Then saith he to" this man, "...be not faithless, but believing" This lunch staple is named for the earldom of inveterate gambler John Montagu Judge John T. Raulston presided over this Dayton, Tennessee trial in July 1925 This actress who played a cabbie had romances with 2 cast members & John Travolta As the 4th Earl of this, John Montagu could have made a lot of bread off the culinary item named for him