Charles Bulfinch, who contributed to the Capitol in Washington, D.C., designed this city's state house on Beacon Hill His first act after being sworn in as president of the Confederacy was to send a peace commission to Washington, D.C. Built on 200 acres, this Washington, D.C. train station was once the world's largest This state that acts as a conjunction between Nevada & Washington has an abbreviation that is a conjunction Big ships must pass through Admiralty Inlet to enter or leave this Washington State sound This country is named after "the George Washington of South America" (the actual George only got cities & a state) The tuliptree, or "yellow" this, was planted by Washington at Mt. Vernon, & Daniel Boone used its wood in his canoe Established by George Washington in 1782, it can also be given to P.O.W.s who've been mistreated An art museum on Madison Avenue is named for this sculptress who created the Titanic Memorial in Washington, D.C. (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-11-24_DJ_11.jpg" target="_blank">Alex reports from the Newseum in Washington, D.C.</a>)  <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-11-24_DJ_11a.jpg" target="_blank">This</a> is the microphone used for World War II English-language broadcasts by this woman, broadcasts that earned her a treason conviction; many years later, President Ford pardoned her (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-11-24_DJ_26.jpg" target="_blank">Alex reports from the Newseum in Washington, D.C.</a>)  In a sensational 1930s trial, the New York Journal paid for Bruno Hauptmann's defense in exchange for his wife's story; Hauptmann was later executed in <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-11-24_DJ_26a.jpg" target="_blank">this</a> electric chair for the murder of this child (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-11-24_DJ_27.jpg" target="_blank">Alex reports from the Newseum in Washington, D.C.</a>)  The Newseum is also home to the studio from which ABC's "This Week" is broadcast, hosted by this former Clinton administration advisor; I'm in his <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-11-24_DJ_27a.jpg" target="_blank">seat</a> (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-11-24_DJ_25.jpg" target="_blank">Alex reports from the Newseum in Washington, D.C.</a>)  After a great deal of debate, newspapers published this man's angry manifesto; it led to his being tracked to Montana & captured in <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-11-24_DJ_25a.jpg" target="_blank">this</a> very cabin (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-11-24_DJ_24.jpg" target="_blank">Alex reports from the Newseum in Washington, D.C.</a>)  A key moment in the Civil Rights era was a sit-in protest after four black students were refused service at an all-white F.W. Woolworth <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2009-11-24_DJ_24a.jpg" target="_blank">lunch counter</a> in this North Carolina city On December 26, 1799 Washington was eulogized in Congress by this man known as "Lighthorse Harry" On May 28, 1754, Washington & his men fired the first shots of this 9-year war near Fort Duquesne It's where Washington was in war, in peace & in the hearts of his countrymen He's the Washington journalist & "Jeopardy!" stalwart seen <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2006-03-29_J_10.jpg" target="_blank">here</a> He designed furniture for Federal Hall in New York as well as the basic layout of Washington, D.C. Ecuador & Venezuela observe the birth of this "George Washington of South America" each July 24 Set in a Washington bar, this satirical political TV show was populated by puppets from Sid & Marty Krofft As many mourned, this minister wrote in a letter, "Washington is gone!  Millions are gasping to read ...about him" What the "D.C." stands for 287 miles long, it flows past Washington & induces "fever" in ambitious politicians Former Secretary of State for whom Washington, D.C. International Airport is named Born Louis Eugene Walcott, he led a million man march in Washington, D.C. in 1995 University of Washington A young cop works with rogue detective Denzel Washington on the narcotics beat in Los Angeles Losing ___ Washington Profession of Joshua Fry, who mapped Virginia, & of his subordinate George Washington With circulation not so "stellar", this 129-year-old Washington D.C. paper folded in 1981 The Okanagan Valley is a big producer of these, also the major fruit crop of Washington state, due south This state gem of Washington was once a tree, or at least a piece of it Lydia Hall is in the Washington, D.C. hall for those in this profession; so is Dorothea Dix In 1791 this seventh state gave up some of its land to form Washington, D.C. The Old Capitol Building in this Cuban capital resembles ours in Washington, D.C. Large ships can sail over 100 miles inland to Washington, D.C. on this river The British burned Washington, D.C. as revenge for the American burning of York, Canada, now this city His tombstone in Washington, D.C. is inscribed: "Renowned Photographer of the Civil War" On Dec. 26, 1776, at this location, Washington's troops woke up to find 4 more inches of snow on the ground "A Vast Wasteland", May 9, 1961, Washington, DC The National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C. is part of this museum complex In 1865 this general accepted the presidency of Washington College in Virginia It's what PN stands for in PNNL, a national laboratory in Richland, Washington His 1906 musical "George Washington, Jr." featured the song "You're A Grand Old Flag" Washington, D.C. & Seattle have been targets of heated protests against the World Bank & the IMF, short for this Washington's state fossil is the Columbian species of this prehistoric elephant Wolf, this Washington Irving character's dog, fails to recognize his master after a 20-year absence I'm a real-life Lara Croft & I write about my discoveries for this Washington, D.C. magazine founded in 1888 Washington's panda with pregnancy problems Washington proclaimed Nov. 26, 1789 this first national holiday For the Washington Post's Watergate stories, it listed Woodward & Bernstein Denzel Washington, David Morse, Howie Mandel This founder of a Washington, D.C. institution was descended from King Henry VII He painted the first 5 men to succeed Washington as president but is more famous for his 3 of George In July 1932 this U.S. president ordered the forcible eviction of World War I veterans gathered in Washington, D.C. Constitution Hall in Washington, D.C. is part of a 3-building complex owned & operated by this lineage society Washington Square News George Vancouver named this Washington state mountain for a friend in the British navy It's about the same size as Washington, D.C.; it's a principality; it's next to Switzerland (Hi, I'm Darryl Green of the Washington Redskins)  I intecepted one of this QB's passes in 1992 when the Redskins beat the Buffalo Bills in Super Bowl XXVI This building in Albany is bounded by Washington Avenue & Swan, State & Eagle Streets A N. Tarrytown bridge named for this Washington Irving rider once stood where US9 crosses the Pocantico River This architect served at Valley Forge before his appointment by Washington to design the new capital The portrait of Washington on the state seal is from a portrait by this artist Washington's state fish is the steelhead species of this U. of Washington, UConn University of Houston, Washington State His great-grandfather George Washington Baynes Sr was a president of Baylor University In 1986 gunmen abducted the acting comptroller at this school -- the one in Beirut, not in Washington, D.C. In 1992 this Washington Redskin became the NFL's career receptions leader with his 820th catch He was the first president to be inaugurated in Washington, D.C. An old woman asks this Washington Irving character, "Why, where have you been these twenty long years?" A dimwitted shut-in becomes the toast of Washington, D.C. society in this comedy starring Peter Sellers George Washington picked this future president to be his first Secretary of State This term for old-fashioned trousers ending just below the knee derives from a Washington Irving character Jackie earned her B.A. from George Washington University & Hillary graduated from this college in 1969 The only president buried in Washington, D.C., his tomb was dedicated in 1956, the centennial of his birth In addition to his "Minute Man" statue, he sculpted equestrian statues of Grant & Washington This city is the seat of Washington's King County This woman designed NYC's Museum for African Art, as well as a famous memorial in Washington, D.C. The Declaration of Independence was drafted on paper made from this plant grown by Washington; it's now restricted This oldest of the Baldwin acting brothers was a poli sci major at George Washington University This future treasury secretary was appointed Washington's aide-de-camp in 1777 Amen to this leader whose statue represents Utah in Washington, D.C.'s Statuary Hall As a runaway slave, Frederick Augustus Washington Bailey changed his name to this to avoid capture London's Public Record Office is the British equivalent of this repository on Washington's Constitution Ave. <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-01-23_DJ_26.wmv">(Sarah reporting from the EPA P3 Expo in Washington DC)</a> Albien College's project demonstrates how it's possible to generate energy, here in expo for this kind of technology, meaning "capable of being continued with minimal long term environmental effects" <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-01-23_DJ_27.wmv">(Jimmy reporting from the EPA P3 Expo in Washington DC)</a> To help tsunami-ravaged Indonesia replace its food supply, students of Duke have made a mechanical aerator, that increases shrimp hatchery yields by adding this element <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-01-23_DJ_28.wmv">(Jimmy reporting from the EPA P3 Expo in Washington DC)</a> A team from the University of New Hampshire is using camel power & a rope & washer system to replace gas power with green technology in the drip type of this in the fields of Niger, one of the world's poorest countries <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-01-23_DJ_29.wmv">(Sarah reporting from the EPA P3 Expo in Washington DC)</a> You might not think of turning manure into a resource, but a team from Western Washington University did; it's powering a hybrid engine using this bio-gas: CH4 <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-01-23_DJ_30.wmv">(Jimmy reporting from the EPA P3 Expo in Washington DC)</a> Using solar power to kill water-borne bacteria at temperatures below the boiling point, Rochester Institute of Technology's team saves energy while accomplishing this, named for a 19th century French scientist He was the first vice president who was born in Washington, D.C. Now home to Air Force One, this Air Force base is located about 11 miles southeast of Washington, D.C. This is Washington, D.C.'s oldest college as well as the oldest Catholic college in the nation Ornithologist Alexander Wetmore was also secretary of this Washington, D.C. institution A monument in Nespelem, Washington marks the grave of this Nez Perce chief who died in 1904 He represented Washington in the House for 30 years, including 1989-1995 as speaker During the winter of 1777-78 at this site, Washington lost 1/4 of his men to malnutrition, exposure & disease After his defeat at Yorktown this British commander refused to deliver his sword to Washington, feigning illness Seen here as a youth, this son of a senator was captain of the football team at St. Alban's in Washington, D.C. Ottawa & a former Washington, D.C. team Late Set, Washington Mad is under the corporate control of this comic book company that isn't based in Washington (Hi, I'm Yolanda King)  In 1963 my father delivered his "I Have A Dream" speech before this monument in Washington, D.C. Until 1809 this legendary character was portrayed as tall & thin; Washington Irving made him jolly & stout Holiday on which Washington "crossed the Delaware" This general did so well in the Revolution Washington made him our country's 1st Sec'y of War Although founded in 1867, this Washington, D.C. school didn't have its first black president until 1926 The Nat'l Museum of African Art is housed in an underground building in this Washington, D.C. museum complex This word for excessive & sometimes false praise is also the name of a cape in Washington State Washington's Freer & Sackler Galleries have exquisite nature paintings by Bada Shanren, a monk of this religion Although this Polish count spoke no English when he signed up, he rose to brig. general under Washington Smallest in Virginia, it has no incorporated cities or towns, and was once part of Washington, D.C. Heading south from Washington, D.C., I go by this Virginia city where George Washington once drilled troops This liberator is often called the "George Washington of South America" In 1938 a Fredericksburg, VA. college was renamed to honor Mary Washington, this relative of George William Howard Taft is 1 of only 2 presidents buried in this cemetery outside Washington, D.C. Washington was the one who added these 4 words to the presidential oath; they're not in the Constitution One of Washington, D.C.'s major airports is named for this Secretary of State A major government building of this state capital is modeled after the Capitol in Washington, D.C. Carpoolers traversing this Washington city via Highway 99 may pass through the Battery Street Tunnel (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2007-02-23_DJ_25.jpg" target="_blank">Sam Waterston gives the clue.</a>)  You shot the victim in Washington, D.C. on July 2, 1881, said "I am a Stalwart" & then gave yourself up; not many options on the table here This large inlet in Washington state was named for Captain George Vancouver's aide She wrote her "Battle Hymn" during a visit to an army camp near Washington, D.C. in 1861 It was necessary for George Washington to surrender Fort Necessity July 3, 1754, during this war Amelia once took this First Lady on a flight over Washington, D.C. while both were wearing evening gowns In 1761 George Washington inherited this home from the widow of his brother Lawrence Cyrus Edward Dallin's "Sir Isaac Newton" is in this Washington, D.C. library On June 17, 1972 5 were arrested for burglarizing Democratic Party HQ in this Washington, D.C. apartment complex In 1777, after defeat at Germantown, Washington led his troops to this winter camp; had a rough stay Washington Irving said this type of dollar is "that great object of universal devotion throughout our land" George Washington's Mount Vernon home lies on the banks of this river In 1893 this major was named curator of the Army Medical Museum in Washington, D.C. Name on the award received by Lauren Bacall & Jessye Norman in December 1997 in Washington, D.C. There's a Washington & Jefferson College in Pennsylvania & a Washington & this general University in Virginia This Washington D.C. theater has been restored to appear as it did on the night of April 14, 1865 Wellington, Warsaw, Washington, D.C. The official vegetable of Washington State is a sweet onion that shares its name with this valley & city (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2010-07-28_J_16.jpg" target="_blank">I'm Bill Schneider.</a>)  I'm in CNN's Washington, D.C. bureau, one of 37 bureaus including Bangkok & Buenos Aires, but the network's heart & headquarters is still in this city Washington Square Park in Greenwich Village is the starting point for this thoroughfare I.M. Pei's design of the East Building of the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. is based on this geometric shape Seaforms, baskets & Persians are among the creations of this glass artist born in Washington state in 1941 Mount Shasta in California & Mount Rainier in Washington are the highest peaks in this range This country on the Mediterranean coast of France is about 3 times the size of the Mall in Washington, D.C. This Washington, D.C. Catholic school maintains the Vincent T. Lombardi Cancer Research Center Once called "The Capstone of Negro Education", this Washington, D.C. university opened its doors in 1867 A Washington city graduation certificate's smell After killing his wife's lover in Washington, D.C. in 1859, Rep. Daniel Sickles was the 1st to claim this, a 2-word term Washington Hospital Center has a 35-member committee on this to help sort out painful decisions In 1811, as a lobbyist in Washington, Irving became a favorite of this first lady Washington, Oregon, Idaho The Washington navel orange is also called the Bahia; it was imported from the state of Bahia in this country You can get into the city from New Jersey by the George Washington Bridge or the Lincoln one of these This holiday was first celebrated on June 19, 1910 in Spokane, Washington, due to the efforts of Sonora Dodd Washington Irving notes that this lanky schoolteacher has an appropriate last name With more than 50,000 employees in Washington, this aerospace company is one of the state's largest employers In 1977 this former head of the Atomic Energy Commission became Washington's first woman governor The National Museum of American History is just one part of this Washington, D.C. institution Washington-on-the-Brazos, where this state declared its independence from Mexico, was capital 1842-45 Washington's Sacajawea State Park is located on the site where this expedition camped in 1805 PAC men & women in Washington, D.C. belong to one of these Ambulance chaser Denzel Washington represents Tom Hanks against the main line law firm that fired him in this 1993 film Bruce DuMont's national political talk show is called "Beyond" this Washington-area road In May 1861 the Confederacy moved its capital to this city 100 miles south of Washington, D.C. He said, "I'm a small fish here in Washington, but I'm a kingfish to the folks down in Louisiana" He told George Washington he hoped "the Rights of Man may become as universal as your benevolence can wish" George Washington is one of many whose death is attributed to “bleeding” by these Cape May, in this state, is as far south as Washington, D.C. <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2005-04-28_DJ_07a.jpg" target="_blank">Scottie</a>, daughter of <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2005-04-28_DJ_07.jpg" target="_blank">this</a> author, grew up to be a journalist & Washington socialite He eulogized George Washington as "first in war, first in peace, and first in the hearts of his countrymen" The Ralph J. Bunche Int'l Affairs Center is part of this Washington, D.C. university's library The rolling cane fields / Lead the eye on to Haiti / Or Washington Heights In 1789 George Washington said, "To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving" this Known in 1846 as Smithfield, Washington, it was renamed in 1850 for some nearby mountains This president's memorial with a 19-foot bronze statue was dedicated in Washington in 1943 Washington, D.C.: Politician Dean or Director Hawks A deep ravine that's often dry in the summer, it shares its name with a "grand" dam in Washington state Emmons & Nisqually are 2 of about 25 glaciers on this Washington state peak It's less than 20 miles across the strait of Juan de Fuca from Washington state to this Canadian island The 9 judges on this body in Alabama, unlike the one in Washington, D.C., run for election This designer of Washington, D.C. was wounded during the French-American attack on Savannah in 1779 Leutze's first version of "Washington" doing this was destroyed in a 1942 bombing of Bremen In Washington D.C.'s Statuary Hall, a sculpture of this orator represents New Hampshire Washington State has a yearly festival devoted to the Dungeness type of this It's said this slogan came from a cartoon that appeared in the Washington Post on April 3, 1898 On July 4, 1754 George Washington surrendered to the French at this encampment In 1989 this Democrat from Washington State succeeded Jim Wright as Speaker of the House Henry Bacon designed this Washington, D.C. landmark: a white marble Doric temple above a pool On Aug. 28, 1963 he told a crowd gathered in Washington, D.C. "I have a dream" The D.C. house he lived in after he left office in 1921 is called "Washington's only presidential museum" He became pres. 100 years after George Washington, so he was called the "Centennial President" This 200-year-old Washington, D.C. building has 35 bathrooms This show is based in Washington, D.C where host Tim Russert is NBC's bureau chief This national newspaper was first distributed in 1982 in the Baltimore & Washington areas If you're a PAC man in Washington, D.C. you belong to one of these interest groups This Washington, D.C. landmark was designed by Henry Bacon as a Greek temple with 36 Doric columns It's the Canadian province that borders the state of Washington, eh Washington State University was closed for a few days in May 1980 because of the eruption of this nearby volcano The highest summit in Washington state was given this name by George Vancouver in 1792 President Truman visited Washington state in May 1950 to rededicate this large dam Until the early '70s, this Moscow-Washington link had no speech facilities -- it was a teletype A "Cybercrime" episode showed how students at Washington's Highline High used computers to change these In 1843 Congress allocated $30,000 to string one between Baltimore & Washington; it was completed in 1844 In 1972 this scandal named for a Washington, D.C. hotel was in the news The Audubon Society maintains a wildlife sanctuary in this residential suburb of Washington, D.C. In 1983 Harold Washington was elected the first black mayor of this Midwest city Octagon House in Washington, D.C. is the place where the Treaty of Ghent that ended this war was signed in 1815 Washington In 1793, as France & Britain went to war, George Washington proclaimed this status for the U.S. After the deaths of his Uncle George & Aunt Martha, Bushrod Washington moved into this home They're Washington State's 2 largest "s"ities (Hi, I'm political commentator Al Franken)  In 1996 I addressed this august Washington, D.C. club on the topic "Neo-Post-Multilateralism" This organization is headquartered at 1776 D Street, NW Washington, D.C. Tugela, a set of these in South Africa, totals over 5 Washington Monuments high At the Washington, D.C. National Cathedral It's the biggest city in eastern Washington In May 1980 at least 26 people were killed when this volcano in Washington erupted Shot outside the Washington Hilton In 2005 Denzel Washington took a stab at this role in "Julius Caesar" Washington statehood, California statehood, Oklahoma statehood Washington, Oregon & Idaho, collectively George Washington's Virginia estate that co-chaired Clinton's transition team Lawrence Washington named this mansion after an admiral he'd served under in the British navy This cemetery just outside Washington, D.C. was laid out on land once home to Robert E. Lee Noted for his Gulf War coverage, he's the principal Washington anchor for CNN Born a slave around 1818, he bought a home in Washington, D.C. in 1877 & expanded it to 21 rooms If it's March 1, 1910 in Wellington, Washington, high in the Cascades; one of these is on its way & it's a doozy Al Pacino, for "Scent of a Woman"; Robert Downey Jr., for "Chaplin"; Denzel Washington, for "Malcolm X" In 1975 Bob spoke out for this imprisoned boxer; in 1999 Denzel Washington played him on film Main D.C. rival of the Washington Post is this paper published by the Reverend Moon's Unification Church The Bonus Army that marched on Washington in 1932 was made up of veterans of this war Washington & Jefferson convinced him to accept the offer of an admiralty in the Russian navy The monument to Geo. Washington at this state's capitol contains a crypt which was meant to be his tomb The first U.S. stamp bore portraits of George Washington & this first postmaster general This Washington Irving character slept through the American Revolution 1732 saw the birth of Washington & this almanack's first issue George Washington was a fan of this holiday drink but used whiskey & brandy as well as rum Like Washington, D.C., this city is a federal district He has been called the "George Washington of Argentina" Like George Washington, Thomas Jefferson married a fetching widow with this first name George Washington was born It's the large northeastern city where George was first inaugurated, as Washington, D.C. hadn't been built yet Frozen--specifically at Mt. Washington in this New England state, where it was around -47 degrees on Jan. 29, 1934 At the start of his Presidential campaign, he said "I'm not from Washington and I'm not a lawyer" This artist's 1796 portrait of George Washington appears on the bill The cherry tree story began with the 1806 edition of his "The Life and Memorable Actions of George Washington" He was born in Washington on Jan. 1, 1895 & became the FBI's director at 29 From 1968 to 1991 he was the executive editor of the Washington Post This Redmond, Washington mega-corporation clicked in at 48, one spot ahead of Intel George Washington Cable's 1879 collection "Old Creole Days" contained 7 stories set in this city This Washington Irving character had "an insuperable aversion to all kinds of profitable labor" This Washington D.C. monument stands near the Potomac, about halfway between the Capitol & the Lincoln Memorial When he was home, George Washington slept here Newspapers in Houston, Denver & Washington share this name She prevented the British from burning Gilbert Stuart's painting of Washington, which still hangs in the East Room This university in Washington, D.C. was founded in 1867 to educate newly freed slaves & their descendants May 6, 1981: She wins a competition to design the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C. One of Washington State's modes of execution; Nathan Hale & John Brown died that way Long a suburb of Dallas-Fort Worth, it shares its name with a suburb of Washington, D.C. Pierre L'Enfant's grand plan for Washington, D.C. was reminiscent of this capital city, his birthplace "There was Col. Washington upon a strapping stallion, a-giving orders to his men, I guess there was a million" Ozzy Osbourne was a no-show at this festival's Auburn, Washington stop July 12, 2003 This site 20 miles from Philly let Washington's army keep pressure on the Brits but was too far away for surprise attacks Washington's state fish is the steelhead variety of this (Hi, I'm Tom Cubbage, winner of "Jeopardy!"'s 1989 College Championship; now a litigator in Washington, D.C.)  Booth v. Maryland said capital-case juries couldn't hear from the family of this person This "legend" about Ichabod Crane is found in Washington Irving's "Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent." Mason Locke Weems put this line in young George Washington's mouth The 2 main branches of this inlet in Washington state are Hood Canal & Admiralty Inlet In this film Denzel Washington is a '40s detective whose muscle is named Mouse Opened in 1937, it got its name in response to the George Washington Bridge, north of it Peter Parker spins a web of intrigue & help Denzel Washington protect Dakota Fanning At noon April 30, 1789 George Washington was sworn in as president in this city This third president's head originally was on Washington's right then blasted away & resculpted on George's left In Washington, D.C.'s Statuary Hall, this man represents the State of Vermont The Freedman's Bureau aided in establishing black colleges, including this Washington, D.C. school After her husband Percy died, this author urged one of Washington Irving's friends to fix them up Poet A.E. Housman probably hadn't been to Washington when he called this the "loveliest of trees" The location of Washington, D.C. was actually chosen by G.W., & it's a nice little commute from this estate of his This city of southeast Washington state was founded in 1856 at the site of an old Army fort George Washington was popular in this year when he was both elected & first inaugurated as President Despite being filmed using an illegal drug, he was reelected Washington, D.C. mayor in 1990 People might see a theme in his "Washington, D.C.", "Hollywood" & "Julian", about restoring paganism in Rome Imposing Duwamish Indian chief for whom Washington state's largest city was named Though he had no biological kids of his own, George Washington is known by this paternal nickname Mayor Craig Moe probably knows everyone in this tree-named Maryland town about 20 miles from Washington When George washington became president, this man was king of France Admiralty Inlet & the Hood Canal are the 2 main branches of this irregular inlet in the NW corner of Washington State Read all about it: this Washington, D.C. landmark calls itself "the nation's oldest federal cultural institution" Washington, D.C.:  A 1950s secretary of state This outlaw's sister said he left South America & returned to the U.S., dying in Washington State in 1937 This inventor's association for the deaf is on Volta Place in Washington, D.C. The 1995 bestseller "The Hot Zone" chronicles this virus' near-outbreak in Washington, D.C. "Comic Cruise to a Greek Isle" was the Washington Post's headline for its review of this 2002 romantic comedy Washington state erupted with excitement this year when the photo seen here was taken (Mt. St. Helens exploding) Their festivities were interrupted on Dec. 26, 1776 by the arrival of Washington & his troops In May 1922 in Washington, D.C. President Harding unveiled a statue of this man by Daniel Chester French "Inside" this road, literally Interstate 495, is a reference to Washington political culture In 2009, Sec. LaHood committed $900 million to a Metrorail project connecting Washington, D.C. to this airport Bovines in Washington's "Emerald City" The federal holiday listed in the U.S. code as Washington's birthday is generally known by this name Washington, Palm Beach, Jerusalem A bronze hippo is the unofficial mascot of George Washington Univ., as legend says hippos once swam in this river One of the world's longest floating structures of this type carries I-90 traffic over Lake Washington In 1983 WPPSS, the Washington Public Power Supply System, defaulted on a record $2.25 bil. worth of these John Carroll, America's first Roman Catholic bishop, founded this Washington, D.C. university In 1969 he left the Packers & became the head coach, general manager & part owner of the Washington Redskins During this 1794 uprising, President Washington sent troops into western Penn. to restore order Nearly 40% of the people in Washington state live in the metropolitan area of this city Steve Ballmer has big geek shoes to fill for this Washington State software company On Sept. 17, 1787 George Washington & James Madison became the only presidents to sign this document Washington's first cabinet appointments were Randolph, Knox, Jefferson & this treasury secretary Washington received his surveyor's commission from this Virginia college in 1749 Despite his wealth, Washington had to borrow 600 pounds to get to this city for his inauguration The Vermeer show at this Washington, D.C. gallery was shut down Dec. 16, 1995 by the budget impasse This Marla Gibbs sitcom was named for the Washington, D.C. building its characters lived in Louis Farrakhan led this Washington "march" on October 16, 1995 In 2003 this state replaced its statue of George Washington Glick in Statuary Hall with one of Dwight Eisenhower Contrary to myth, Washington didn't throw one of these across the Potomac; there weren't any when he was young Elie Wiesel helped light an eternal flame at the 1993 dedication of this Washington, D.C. museum Washington Irving's gracious home Sunnyside overlooks this river At this Washington, D.C. landmark in 1963, King gave his famous "I have a dream" speech On May 11, 1950 President Truman traveled to Washington state to dedicate this dam northwest of Spokane Washington, D.C. 1979-1990 Made up of I-495 & I-95, it was conceived as a bypass called the Washington Circumferential Highway Now kept on 3rd Monday in Feb., Washington's Birthday traditionally was celebrated on this date Washington State leads the U.S. in the production of pears &, of course, this fruit (Jonagolds are big) Today found on the $10 bill, he was an aide-de-camp to Washington & also served in his cabinet You'll find this city near the Oregon border in the state of Washington Washington In April 1991 The Washington Post pointed out that this chief of staff seemed to fly free a lot The Navy shipyard at Bremerton in Washington state is on this inlet of the Pacific 8 small windows are located at the 500-foot level of this Washington monument Even though it's in Arlington, VA., the address for this building is 1400 Defense Pentagon, Washington D.C. 20301 George Washington received his surveyor's license in 1749 from this school named for a king & queen March 31, 1948: Washington, D.C. A Japanese lantern lighting ceremony is part of this April festival in Washington, D.C. Robert E. Lee's eldest son, George Washington Custis Lee, was an aide-de-camp to this president Upon leading 1894 march of unemployed on Washington, Jacob Coxey was arrested for this trivial of offenses Washington's 9th District is represented by this man, who has the same name as a certain economist The 2 reporters at the Washington Post who blew the whistle on Watergate Washington's metal workshops Roslyn, Washington represented Cicely, Alaska, the setting of this Rob Morrow series Also known as Mount Tacoma, this peak in Washington state last erupted about 150 years ago Not only did he kill Washington's treasury secretary, he plotted to start his own country in the west George Washington's birthplace is on Pope's Creek, a small stream that flows into this His portraits of George Washington include Athenaeum, Vaughan & Landsdowne types This showman's first attraction was Joice Heth, a slave presented as George Washington's former nurse The former mayor of Washington, D.C. who "Can't Smile Without You" "At the Copa, Copacabana" Actor Joseph Jefferson was renowned for his portrayal of this snoozy Washington Irving character These 2 reporters led the Washington Post's investigation of the scandal The Alaska Building was the first modern skyscraper in this city in Washington, not Alaska It's the high-speed train that runs between NYC & Washington, D.C. In 1843 Samuel Morse & Alfred Vail received $30,000 to build this between Baltimore & Washington, D.C. Spokane is 18 miles west of Washington's border with this state After the death of Drew Pearson, this journalist took over his "Washington Merry-Go-Round" column A type of sweet onion is named for this Washington city A widely used book classification system is named for this major Washington, D.C. library John Quincy Adams used to skinny dip in this river that runs through Washington, D.C. Born in N.C. in 1768, this cupcake was the belle of Washington society even after she was first lady He made his last major public appearance in 1922 at the dedication of his father's memorial in Washington, D.C. In 1749 this Williamsburg, Virginia college awarded George Washington his surveyors license A national memorial, the Hall of Remembrance is part of this Washington D.C. museum In 1947 David Niven was in "The Bishop's Wife"; in 1996 Denzel Washington starred in this remake Other than Washington, D.C., it's the only world capital named for an American Josiah Grinnell heeded this advice that Horace Greeley gave him & moved from Washington, D.C. to Iowa The Wonderland Trail circles this Washington peak It flows through Washington, D.C. & on past Mount Vernon Fleeing the capital on August 24, 1814, she took a Gilbert Stuart portrait of Washington with her You can't "Miss" <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2008-02-20_DJ_29.jpg" target="_blank">her</a> "Congeniality", which must have helped her as a cheerleader at Washington Lee High In 1959 Dinah Washington found this out It follows "Washington Dulles" From a Washington Irving character, it's a nickname for a New Yorker, Dutch-descended or otherwise The Manuscripts & Archives Division of this library known for its marble lions has Washington's farewell address Sellouts have been the rule for years at this, the Washington Redskins' home stadium This Washington peak was named for a British minister to Spain, not for a saint Washington grows more of these than any other state; about a third of them are Red Delicious This biggest Washington city is pretty wet with Elliott Bay to the west, Lake Washington to the East Until 1853 Washington was part of this territory bearing the name of the next state south The Cascade Mountains divide Washington east from west; North Cascades is one of these ways through them Fleeing the capital on August 24, 1814, she took a Gilbert Stuart portrait of Washington with her In 1934 a record wind speed of 231 MPH was recorded on the summit of Mt. Washington in this state In April 1789 Washington left Mount Vernon, going to this city to head the new governent The name of the C&O Canal, one of Washington, D.C.'s popular running areas, stands for Cheaspeake & this This private, coeducational Washington, D.C. school is the oldest Catholic university in America Teenage motivator Ayinde Jean-Baptiste spoke at this October 1995 march in Washington Casey Kasem created the long distance one of these & is heard <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2004-09-10_DJ_28.mp3">here</a> reading one:  <i>"This letter comes from a teenager in Washington, D.C. who learned that it's better to give than receive.  Here's what she writes: 'Dear Casey...'"</i> Neil Estern scuplted him with his dog Fala for his Washington, D.C. memorial Washington, D.C. locale where President Garfield was fatally shot Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman said he wants this Washington. D.C. "Institution" to open a museum in Vegas In 1919 he became "General of the Armies", the highest rank held by any American except George Washington When he died in 1924, he became our only president buried in Washington, D.C. The Smithsonian has a semi-nude statue of George Washington based on a statue of this greatest Greek god In Sept. & Oct. you may watch salmon swim up the fish ladders in this Washington city's Capitol Lake Crossing the Delaware on Xmas, 1776, Washington defeated the Hessians at this N.J. capital This Parisian who drew up the original plans for Washington, D.C. is buried at Arlington National Cemetery Cosimo de Medici, Andrea Doria & George Washington share this sobriquet When George Washington was sworn in on April 30, 1789, he was wearing one of these weapons This van lines company moved Ronald Reagan to Washington & Elvis into Graceland A National Geographic article called him the George Washington of the Mongols This dormant volcano graces the license plates of Washington state Landmark Washington, D.C. complex sprawling <a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2004-05-18_DJ_12.jpg" target="_blank">here</a> Nicknamed "Old Jube", he brought his forces within sight of Washington, D.C. in 1864 Yo!  The leather jacket he wore in "Rocky" is on display at Planet Hollywood in Washington, D.C. Washington growers of these complained in 2000 that the Chinese were flooding the U.S. market with their juice This capital of the confederacy was just 100 miles from Washington, D.C. Jason Robards played this Washington Post editor in "All the President's Men" A sweet cherry is named for this Washington State landmark At this Washington, D.C. college, Bill Clinton served as class president in his freshman & sophomore years George Washington said, "To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving" this George Washington University Now hear this -- Washington state's Whidbey Island is one of many in this inlet Harvey Birch runs sneaky errands for George Washington in this James Fenimore Cooper novel George Washington's father called it The Little Hunting Creek Plantation This Washington, D.C. school is the oldest Roman Catholic & Jesuit university in the U.S. The Washington Post wins its first Public Service Pulitzer The 2 presidents to sign the document were George Washington & this one who was very involved in its formation The NEA helped to fund & choose the design for this 1982 memorial on the Mall in Washington, D.C. In 1998 Washington state processed 43,500 tons of grapes into white wine, about half of it this variety This federal loan-assistance agency located in Washington, D.C. is known as the SBA for short Memorabilia from "Julie & Julia" were recently added to Julia's kitchen exhibit at this Washington, D.C. complex In 1792 it was 132 Electoral College votes for Washington, to 1 for this future VP & gun enthusiast "I cannot offer you money, position or fame", he said when he offered George Washington Carver a job at Tuskegee Martha Washington rests in a tomb just south of this house The world's longest of these floating bridges spans 7,518' across Lake Washington You can get a panoramic view of this city's Golden Triangle from the top of Mount Washington Washington, D.C. residents did this for the 1st time in November, 1964 The quote "with malice toward none" is on the wall of his Washington, D.C. Memorial George Washington planned his Delaware crossing for this date in 1776, during a silent night A hut from this admiral's Antarctic expedition is on display at the Navy Museum in Washington, D.C. G. Washington helped lay out this city's streets in 1749; it's across the Potomac from Washington, D.C. The state house in this city is where George Washington resigned his commission in 1783 On August 24 of this year, British troops captured Washington, D.C. & burned the White House The tribute to this artist was released March 25, 1998 in Washington, D.C., not "Mobile" George Washington was among those who have said this quality is "the best policy" George Washington University June 11, 2004: His funeral is held at the National Cathedral in Washington, D.C. On the night of Sept. 13-14, 1814, this Washington attorney was detained aboard a British ship The Compromise of 1850 banned the slave trade in Washington, D.C. & admitted this state as a free state This series ended its run in 1991 with a reunion & visit to the Vietnam War Memorial in Washington, D.C. George Washington was chancellor of this college from 1788 until his death Due to the great falls on this river, large ships can't go past Washington, D.C. "The Emerald City", Washington This Washington Post veteran attempts to give the inside story on "Bush at War" This NYC tavern built in 1719 is where George Washington bid farewell to his war troops In 1811 De Witt Clinton went to Washington to try to get funds for this "ditch" There's a Washington, D.C. memorial to an ape general when Mark Wahlberg returns to Earth in this 2001 film After George Washington left office in 1797, we didn't get another George in office until this year He was the head coach of the Los Angeles Rams 1966-1970 & of the Washington Redskins 1971-77 Though born in Washington, D.C., this "Kiss of the Spider Woman" Oscar winner was raised in the South Pacific In Jan. 1778 George Washington found out about plans for invading this land & called the plot "the child of folly" In April 1999 a family of 3 of these rodents was "arrested" for attacking cherry trees in Washington, D.C. "The Irregulars" chronicles this creator of Willy Wonka & "The British Spy Ring in Wartime Washington" (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2004-09-27_DJ_04.jpg" target="_blank">Sofia of the Clue Crew narrates from the Int'l Spy Museum in Washington, D.C.</a>)  You could give someone the kiss of death using the lipstick gun provided to employees of this Soviet spy agency (<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2004-09-27_DJ_06.jpg" target="_blank">Sofia of the Clue Crew narrates from the Int'l Spy Museum in Washington, D.C.</a>)  Here is the actual mailbox used by this C.I.A. mole with an alliterative name to signal his Russian handlers This president's nephew & the editor of the Washington Globe were part of his "Kitchen Cabinet" [Former president Jimmy Carter from the Carter Center in Atlanta]  This man was the first president inaugurated in Washington, D.C. In April 1934 Mt. Washington had a wind gust reach 201 of this unit equal to 1 nautical mile per hour Washington's song is "Washington My Home"; West Virginia's is a little longer: "West Virginia, Home" this A 1788 marble statue of George Washington sculpted by this Frenchman stands in Virginia's State Capitol building In 1780 George Washington set up a plan to kidnap this traitor from the British; it didn't work Destroying more than 35,000 volumes, a fire devastated this location in Washington, D.C. on Christmas Eve 1851 A Washington, D.C. hospital bears the name of this man who fought yellow fever in Cuba & discovered its cause The Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C. was named for this bacteriologist Alexander Graham Bell, George Washington Carver, Guglielmo Marconi On May 15, 1997 the NBA's Washington Bullets took this name Bob Chase, the president of this teachers' union, has a regular column in the Washington Post This astronomer seen here helped survey Washington, D.C. Point Success is one of the 3 named summits of this mountain in Washington State Given to Washington by Lafayette, one of the keys to this is on display at Mount Vernon Rather than a souffle, George Washington's mom made this spice bread when Lafayette came calling Washington's state fair turned 100 in 2008 & set a record by gathering 24 of these people in a room Commonly used title of clergyman Mason Weems, known for his 1800 biography of George Washington Washington thought of this general, in him "The spark of daring might flame into rashness" 20500 is the ZIP code of this Washington, D.C. location A group of 3rd graders got a bill passed to make the Pacific chorus type of this Washington's state amphibian In 1958 T.S. Eliot helped gain the release of this poet from a Washington mental institution Some of the trees still standing on this Virginia Estate were planted by George Washington himself This memorial designed by Henry Bacon was dedicated in Washington on May 30 On Dec. 17, 1819 this "George Washington of South America" became Gran Colombia's first president Emerson, Thoreau & of course Washington Irving are all buried in cemeteries with this name A pad of paper for quick drawings, it appears in a Washington Irving title along with Geoffrey Crayon 1993 Tom Hanks / Denzel Washington film (Hi, I'm Jane Leeves)  "FYI" producer Miles Silverberg was my boyfriend on this show that was set in Washington, D.C. This Washington, D.C. school was once the Columbia Inst. for the Instruction of the Deaf & Dumb & the Blind This astronomer & mathematician helped survey the land that became Washington, D.C. He died July 9, 1850 in Washington, D.C. George Washington helped lay out the streets of this Virginia city In 1892 Dr. Washington Sheffield first sold his cream dentifrice in a collapsible one of these The Washington Post once described him as "The Mother of All Embarrassing Brothers" In a 1996 film, Denzel Washington tried to find out if Meg Ryan had this title quality In May 1980 Washington State U. was closed for 4 days due to its proximity to this natural disaster Port Townsend, one of Washington's oldest cities, is at the entrance to this inlet Architect Thomas Walter completed the cast-iron dome of this Washington, D.C. building in 1863 On this series CONTROL HQ was located underground at 123 Main Street in Washington, D.C. This "The Cradle Will Fall" author's first book was a biography of George Washington Irish-born architect James Hoban designed this Washington, D.C. building; he had to rebuild it after an 1814 fire The Washington Post said Nixon sent this man a letter praising the tone of his May 8, 1987 withdrawal speech He created the story that George Washington chopped down a cherry tree with his hatchet Its state tree, the western hemlock, helps give Washington this nickname In 1998 the Makah Indians of Washington resumed hunting these after a 70-year respite George Washington added these 4 words at the end of the presidential oath of office When Washington was inaugurated, the French ecu, featuring this ruling monarch, was circulating in the U.S. Washington attempted to kidnap this man and have him returned to U.S. forces for execution John Wilkes Booth's diary is on display at this Washington, D.C. theatre This Washington volcano erupted on November 22, 1842; it blew its top again in 1980 The state gemstone of Washington: it's no longer wood but a stony replica The Polish-born author of "The Painted Bird", set in Europe & "Being There", set in Washington, D.C. Margaret Truman gave her first public Washington, D.C. concert at this famed hall built in 1929 This partner of Bob Woodward was born Feb. 14, 1944 in Washington, D.C., the city that made him famous "Y" tribes include the Yurok, Yokuts & this one that gave their name to a Washington city of 55,000 Known for its mental health facilities, this NYC hospital was founded in 1736, 4 years after George Washington's birth Washington D.C.'s Army Medical Center is named in his honor Denzel Washington rode into Venice on a submarine to promote this 1995 film Check it out!  You'll find this landmark at Independence Ave. & 1st Street in Washington, D.C.; now keep it down! The George Washington Carver Museum is on this Alabama school's campus 1776: George Washington & his troops cross this river to attack the Hessians In May 1783 Elijah Churchill & William Brown became the first recipients of this medal established by George Washington James Earl Jones, Denzel Washington, Mario Van Peebles: A Civil Rights activist This institution was formally dedicated May 1, 1847 in Washington, D.C. I'm excited about this political magazine with Cindy Crawford as Washington on its first cover The knife he used to stab Major Henry Rathbone is in a Washington, D.C. museum In Washington, Ark. there's a replica of the smithy where these eponymous knives were first made in the 1830s A miser becomes rich in the Washington Irving story titled him "and Tom Walker" Washington, D.C. museum complex where you'll find Judy Garland's magic slippers from "The Wizard of Oz" In 1881 this orator & former slave became Recorder of Deeds for Washington, D.C. Before a correction to the calendar in 1752, Washington's birthday was February 11; today it's this Built by George Washington's troops in June 1754, you might say it was the mother of invention Washington appointed him to Portugal, but his father changed his posting to Prussia 1932 "army" that marched on Washington Like his contemporary Mr. Tweed, Alexander Shepherd, who helped pave Washington, D.C., had this nickname The National Association of Water Companies is on this Washington, D.C. street associated with lobbyists The people of George, Washington named their streets for varieties of this fruit This brash owner of the Washington Redskins made his fortune in marketing & advertising The 65-foot millennium holiday tree sent by Colorado to Washington, D.C. in 2000 was the blue type of this In 1776 George Washington & the continental army defeated the Hessians at the battle of this New Jersey city The great-grandson of a slave, he was the first black mayor of Washington, D.C. Washington wrote, "No estate in united America is more pleasantly situated than this" home The world's largest-capacity office building is this 29-acre structure outside Washington, D.C. Luigi Moretti designed buildings for Mussolini & this Washington, D.C. complex that led to Nixon's fall This Jesuit Washington, D.C. university is home to the Woodstock Theological Center This Washington edifice that houses the Declaration of Independence stayed open for 76 straight hours Founded in 1789, this Washington, D.C. school was the USA's first Catholic college The Model Secondary School for the Deaf is a part of this Washington, D.C. college Home to the Missouri Meerschaum Co., Washington, Missouri is hailed as this "capital of the world" For 12 years, she was the wife of Washington, D.C. jeweler Norman Galt; he died in 1908 Nickname of Roy Harris' Symphony No. 14, premiered in Washington, D.C. in 1976 Though born in Washington, D.C. on March 31, 1948, his birth was front page news in the Nashville Tennessean Merv Griffin's trumpet player Jack Sheldon sang this classic on how a law is made in Washington, D.C. The Washington Times was founded in 1982 as a conservative alternative to this newspaper A Madison Ave. art museum is named for this woman who sculpted the Titanic Memorial in Washington, D.C. This park for the performing arts is found in Virginia just outside of Washington, D.C. The NYC suburb of North Tarrytown has renamed itself this, the subject of a Washington Irving legend This First Lady's efforts resulted in a 1914 law improving housing for African Americans in Washington, D.C. (George Washington)  These are the two cities in which I was inaugurated President of the United States You'll find many embassies on this Washington, DC avenue bearing the name of the sixth state to join the union Wisconsin, Wyoming, Washington "Mrs. Miniver", "Mister Roberts", "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" Enjoyed my April 4 visit to this city about 90 miles from Washington; General Van Alen nags about how dangerous it was In Washington, D.C.: Vermeer's "Girl with" this color "Hat" George & Martha Washington, on Jan. 6, 1759 He's the artist who painted the portrait (George Washington) seen here Among scoops by this "Washington Merry-Go-Round" columnist were facts leading to the censure of Sen. Thomas Dodd "The Hot Zone", a medical thriller, tells the true story of an outbreak of this virus near Washington, D.C. Parson Weems' 1806 biography of George Washington included the story of chopping down one of these trees Washington's steward, a French West Indian named "Black Sam", owned this NYC tavern off & on for 23 years Dinah Washington was "The Queen of the Blues" & this singer was "The Empress of the Blues" The Strait of Juan de Fuca flows between Washington state & this Canadian island His ailing wife Anna sent her daughter-in-law Jane with him to Washington, but he only served a month George Washington had the pine siding painted to look like mahogany at this estate In 1963 a "Hot Line" emergency link went into effect between Washington, DC & this world city This cemetery on the Potomac is on land originally part of Martha Washington's estate On July 3, 1754, during this war, George Washington surrendered Fort Necessity The continuation of California's Sierra Nevada into Washington and Oregon is called this In the Washington Irving story, Rip Van Winkle fell asleep in these mountains In 1930 former Standard Oil president Henry Folger founded one of these in Washington, D.C. It completes Henry Lee's eulogy to Washington, "To the memory of the man, first in war, first in peace, and..." Manoff, Washington, Shore George Washington & Ben Franklin were members of this society that has Scottish & York Rite branches His 2-week sabbatical as mayor of Washington, D.C. made headlines George was born beside this river that flows past Washington, D.C. George lived with Lawrence Washington, this "fractional' relative with the same father but a different mother G-Wiz represents this Washington D.C. NBA team His first inaugural address, in 1801, was also the first delivered in Washington, D.C. Washington's HQ, a state historic site in Newburgh, N.Y., has the first one of these ever given, in 1783; it's made of wool This computer company chairman gave the keynote address at the "CEO Summit 2004" held in Redmond, Washington Big, perhaps like the object seen here (in Washington, D.C.) The Juan de Fuca Strait separates Washington State from this Canadian Island that shares its name with a B.C. city Jim Zorn has gone from Washington to Washington as 1970s quarterback & as current coach for these 2 different teams On Dec. 26, 1799 this general eulogized George Washington in Congress You can see George Washington in profile from Highway 244, the road to this national memorial Washington Irving based this character on his friend Jesse Merwin, a schoolteacher Washington Hilton, 7 P.M., Jan. 20, 2005 Fir sure!  Firs, pines & hemlocks helped give Washington state this nickname Amy, John, Washington Books by this Washington humorist include "I Am Not a Crook" & "While Reagan Slept" During WWII this "Washington Merry-Go-Round" columnist was a reporter for The Stars and Stripes In 1751 George Washington made his only trip abroad to Barbados with this older half-brother In 1800 the national government of the United States moved from this city to Washington, D.C. In "Get on the Bus", Spike told the tale of a group headed to this 1995 Washington, D.C. gathering On Washington's birthday, 1862 he was inaugurated president of the Confederacy ...in 1893, became professor of clinical microscopy at the Army Medical College in Washington, D.C. On February 28, 2001 northwest Washington State was rocked by one of these that measured 6.8 In April 1992, after serving six months in prison, this former Washington, D.C. mayor was released Washington State offers majors in both this social science & the "home" version Jaromir Jagr is a star of this Washington team He died on January 22, 1973; after services in Washington, D.C., he was buried on his Texas ranch In 1970 he began his newspaper career with the Montgomery Co. Sentinel, & in 1971 he joined the Washington Post The first of these in the U.S. was for a potash process & was signed by Washington & Jefferson